>g00001 g00001   147:1016 forward
agatcaatggcctactccaccagacaagtcggtgccaagaacaccttggactacaaagtt
tacgtcgaacaagacggcaagcctgtctctcctttccacgacattccattgtacgctgat
gaacaaaaccaaatcttcaacatggttgtcgagatccctcgttggtccaacgctaagttg
gaaatcaccaaggaagaagccttgaacccaatcatccaagacaccaagaagggcaagttg
agatttgtcagaaactgtttccctcaccacggttacatccacaactacggtgccttccct
caaacctgggaagaccctaacgtcacccacccagaaaccaaggccgttggtgacaacgat
cctttggacgtcttggaaatcggtgaaaccatcggctacaccggccaagtcaagcaagtc
aaggtcttgggtgtcatggctcttttggacgaaggcgaaaccgactggaagatcattgcc
atcgacatcaacgacccattggccgccaagttgaacgatatcgaagacgttgaaaagcac
ttgccaggtctattgagagccaccaacgaatggttcagaatttacaaaatccctgatggc
aagccagaaaaccaattcgccttctccggcgaggccaagaacaagaagtacgctttggat
gtcatcagagagtgcaacgaagcctggaagcaattgattgccggcaagtcttccgacgcc
aagaagattgatttgaccaacgccaccttggccgacaccccaacctactctgcctccgtt
gcccaatccatcccagctgccaacgtcaagccagatgctccaatcgacaagtccatcgac
aagtggtttttcatctccggctccgcatag
>g00002c g00002c   150:695 reverse
acctggcaagtgcttttcaacgtcttcgatatcgttcaacttggcggccaatgggtcgtt
gatgtcgatggcaatgatcttccagtcggtttcgccttcgtccaaaagagccatgacacc
caagaccttgacttgcttgacttggccggtgtagccgatggtttcaccgatttccaagac
gtccaaaggatcgttgtcaccaacggccttggtttctgggtgggtgacgttagggtcttc
ccaggtttgagggaaggcaccgtagttgtggatgtaaccgtggtgagggaaacagtttct
gacaaatctcaacttgcccttcttggtgtcttggatgattgggttcaaggcttcttcctt
ggtgatttccaacttagcgttggaccaacgagggatctcgacaaccatgttgaagatttg
gttttgttcatcagcgtacaatggaatgtcgtggaaaggagagacaggcttgccgtcttg
ttcgacgtaaactttgtagtccaaggtgttcttggcaccgacttgtctggtggagtaggc
cattga
>g00003c g00003c   696:1031 reverse
tacttagaactatacctatgcggagccggagatgaaaaaccacttgtcgatggacttgtc
gattggagcatctggcttgacgttggcagctgggatggattgggcaacggaggcagagta
ggttggggtgtcggccaaggtggcgttggtcaaatcaatcttcttggcgtcggaagactt
gccggcaatcaattgcttccaggcttcgttgcactctctgatgacatccaaagcgtactt
cttgttcttggcctcgccggagaaggcgaattggttttctggcttgccatcagggatttt
gtaaattctgaaccattcgttggtggctctcaatag
>g00004 g00004   1061:1426 forward
aaaatctatatctcttctactttgcccgccgcggcgtttgccacgaacagcccaatcttt
gtcaggtcctttgagccctgcgtttcgacgccgccgctgacgtccacgccaatcacaccg
gccagcttcacggcctcgcccacattagacggtgtcaaaccgccggctaggatgaactcg
ggcttctctgccgagccaacgctccactcagagatgctctgccagtccaacttctcgccg
gtgccaccggcttccgagtcgaaaagaggcatgcagtcgccgttgcccaagcccagcacc
tcgtcgcagtcttttggaaacaaaaacctcttgatcaggggtagccccggcagcctgctc
tggtag
>g00005c g00005c   1066:1743 reverse
atgtttcctgtcatccagcgccctgttgtcaagatatgcggtatccaatccgtggaggcc
gccgccaaggcagtcgaagaaggcgcaaacttggtcggtgtgatctgcgttccaaacaga
aagagaaccgtggaagcacacgtagccaaacggatatcacagctggttagggcgagccgt
gcagcaaagggcgacacaaacgcgggcccgtacctggtgggcgtgttccgtaaccagagc
gtggaagaggtcgtcaggatcgtgcaagagtacgggattgatattgtgcagctgcacggc
agcgaagagtggcaaagctaccagagcaggctgccggggctacccctgatcaagaggttt
ttgtttccaaaagactgcgacgaggtgctgggcttgggcaacggcgactgcatgcctctt
ttcgactcggaagccggtggcaccggcgagaagttggactggcagagcatctctgagtgg
agcgttggctcggcagagaagcccgagttcatcctagccggcggtttgacaccgtctaat
gtgggcgaggccgtgaagctggccggtgtgattggcgtggacgtcagcggcggcgtcgaa
acgcagggctcaaaggacctgacaaagattgggctgttcgtggcaaacgccgcggcgggc
aaagtagaagagatatag
>g00006 g00006   1427:2239 forward
ctttgccactcttcgctgccgtgcagctgcacaatatcaatcccgtactcttgcacgatc
ctgacgacctcttccacgctctggttacggaacacgcccaccaggtacgggcccgcgttt
gtgtcgccctttgctgcacggctcgccctaaccagctgtgatatccgtttggctacgtgt
gcttccacggttctctttctgtttggaacgcagatcacaccgaccaagtttgcgccttct
tcgactgccttggcggcggcctccacggattggataccgcatatcttgacaacagggcgc
tggatgacaggaaacatttatgtgcactactgggtctcttcttctccttcttcctcttct
ctcgtttgtgtatgtgtgtgtttaagagaagaataccagcgaggagtgagcagagtctgt
cattcattgttgggaatcgtctcttcacacgtgacccgggagagcggtctatttcgtgta
ccacgacatttgatggaaaaggacggcgccaggaacacgctcgcctgcaaacgacgattg
cacgttttcccagtgtggcctgacccgctctgctttccgtcctgtaactgtctctactgc
tctgcgtcctatcttttgctttccgttttctcggcccagtccttttgctctgcaatgtct
tattcccctgtgctgacgcttccgcatgtcagtttgtgtcgcatggccaatatcaacaac
acaaaacgatggtacaacgacgacttgcaaaagcctgacatgaccaataacatcatcatc
atcgctggagaatccacactccactcgctatga
>g00007 g00007   1588:1989 forward
tatccgtttggctacgtgtgcttccacggttctctttctgtttggaacgcagatcacacc
gaccaagtttgcgccttcttcgactgccttggcggcggcctccacggattggataccgca
tatcttgacaacagggcgctggatgacaggaaacatttatgtgcactactgggtctcttc
ttctccttcttcctcttctctcgtttgtgtatgtgtgtgtttaagagaagaataccagcg
aggagtgagcagagtctgtcattcattgttgggaatcgtctcttcacacgtgacccggga
gagcggtctatttcgtgtaccacgacatttgatggaaaaggacggcgccaggaacacgct
cgcctgcaaacgacgattgcacgttttcccagtgtggcctga
>g00008c g00008c   1641:2114 reverse
catgcggaagcgtcagcacaggggaataagacattgcagagcaaaaggactgggccgaga
aaacggaaagcaaaagataggacgcagagcagtagagacagttacaggacggaaagcaga
gcgggtcaggccacactgggaaaacgtgcaatcgtcgtttgcaggcgagcgtgttcctgg
cgccgtccttttccatcaaatgtcgtggtacacgaaatagaccgctctcccgggtcacgt
gtgaagagacgattcccaacaatgaatgacagactctgctcactcctcgctggtattctt
ctcttaaacacacacatacacaaacgagagaagaggaagaaggagaagaagagacccagt
agtgcacataaatgtttcctgtcatccagcgccctgttgtcaagatatgcggtatccaat
ccgtggaggccgccgccaaggcagtcgaagaaggcgcaaacttggtcggtgtga
>g00009c g00009c   1895:2233 reverse
cgagtggagtgtggattctccagcgatgatgatgatgttattggtcatgtcaggcttttg
caagtcgtcgttgtaccatcgttttgtgttgttgatattggccatgcgacacaaactgac
atgcggaagcgtcagcacaggggaataagacattgcagagcaaaaggactgggccgagaa
aacggaaagcaaaagataggacgcagagcagtagagacagttacaggacggaaagcagag
cgggtcaggccacactgggaaaacgtgcaatcgtcgtttgcaggcgagcgtgttcctggc
gccgtccttttccatcaaatgtcgtggtacacgaaatag
>g00010c g00010c   2086:2418 reverse
ctcctccatctgctctcgcacgcatatctggtctttggacggcaatgtcagtattggtgt
gtgtgcttgtgtctgcgccagaggtttggattttgtcggtgttctggggccactgtcgcc
aggcatgggcgctgtcgaacacgagcggagggctggttcttgcaattcgttgctagcagt
catagcgagtggagtgtggattctccagcgatgatgatgatgttattggtcatgtcaggc
ttttgcaagtcgtcgttgtaccatcgttttgtgttgttgatattggccatgcgacacaaa
ctgacatgcggaagcgtcagcacaggggaataa
>g00011 g00011   2197:4305 forward
catcatcatcatcgctggagaatccacactccactcgctatgactgctagcaacgaattg
caagaaccagccctccgctcgtgttcgacagcgcccatgcctggcgacagtggccccaga
acaccgacaaaatccaaacctctggcgcagacacaagcacacacaccaatactgacattg
ccgtccaaagaccagatatgcgtgcgagagcagatggaggagctacggctgaaatccaag
aacggtgccatcaaggatttgtacagacatttcacaacggtcgagggataccagcactcc
cggtcccagttctaccattttttgaaaacccagtacaaccacctctttgtcaacgagctt
gacggcgccgagaggttcgaccccagaaactactacatagacgaaaactacgagctcgag
acgcccttgaaggggttgaagacatgtttgtcacggagagacaagcagcaatacacagag
tacgtgcagagccgcgacggctggcggtcgccctctccacccgtcagccccaacagtggc
aagatataccctgcaaacgcctcgagggtagggttttctccgagcaaacacaacaaggtg
tttgagttccaacaggacgacgtggttggcagacgtccgactccaacgaagcacggcaca
ccgacaaagtcgcagttgaaaaagaacaagacggccaggaacggggatgcagacaaagac
gacctgtgggagtctatgtttgcgtacaacccctccgagctccccgtggagtacccccat
gcaagcatcaaggggataatccgcaaactgtttgtcttgtgcgggttcccgcaagagttg
gccgaaccggacgacttgttgttcaacttggaaacgctaggctacgccatcgccactgcc
cagggcaacaagttggacattgtccatgaaagggaaaaggagattcggttcttgcgcaac
ttggccagagacctgaggcaagaattcgcccggtaccaggacgctttgggtaaaatggaa
agcaggctagaccagacgagcagcagatgcacggctcttgaaagcgagagggatctcctg
gagaaaaccctctgcgactatcaggtccgcgaagaggtgacgcaagccagggaagaacgg
cttcgcagagtggtggaggagaacatccatttgaaaaacgagatcctgtatctaggagca
gagacaagccgtggcagccacgaagatttagagagttgcaagagaaaagtgacacactac
aactaccagttgacgaggcaagaggagttgaacagacggttggccgaggagttggaggac
agtcgcagcaaaatgaaaaagtgcgagggactcttggacagaaacgaggagttggagtcc
caaatctgcaagctagaacgcgtctgccggggaaaggacaaccacttggcagccttggag
agggagatcgcggcgaaccgtcaacgggtcgaggaagtggagaaagtggaggagtcttgc
aaaggtctcgaaagagagatggcgctgttgaaaatggaaaatgtaaagttgaacaagata
aagaaccacctaaagtaccggctcgatagcatcgcggtgggtgaagaggtgcgcagaaac
gaaaaagaggcgatggagttccgactagaagaattgaaggaaaaatacgtctgcaccagg
gaggatctaagcttctaccaagaggagtgcgaaaagagagagaagcgggagtacgaccat
cactgtgaaatggtaaaggtccacaacgactaccaacgagagatattccagtgggaggcc
aagtacaagcagttggttgaccagtacaacgggtgcgtcgacactgcagagtactacaag
gaccgactcgaagacctggagcaccagttggaaacagtcaagaaaagcaagcacgagaga
ttcaaagagacttttatgagttctagcttgtttttgagaagcaagagtgcgagtgcaagc
gcaagcgcgagtgcaagtcccttgtcgccaatgttctcacctgctaccggagcgtacgac
gagaacaggatcgtgatgcccaagaaaagcaccagtttaaccagtttgttaaagctgtac
aagacgtaa
>g00012c g00012c   2205:2507 reverse
aactgggaccgggagtgctggtatccctcgaccgttgtgaaatgtctgtacaaatccttg
atggcaccgttcttggatttcagccgtagctcctccatctgctctcgcacgcatatctgg
tctttggacggcaatgtcagtattggtgtgtgtgcttgtgtctgcgccagaggtttggat
tttgtcggtgttctggggccactgtcgccaggcatgggcgctgtcgaacacgagcggagg
gctggttcttgcaattcgttgctagcagtcatagcgagtggagtgtggattctccagcga
tga
>g00013 g00013   2247:2558 forward
caacgaattgcaagaaccagccctccgctcgtgttcgacagcgcccatgcctggcgacag
tggccccagaacaccgacaaaatccaaacctctggcgcagacacaagcacacacaccaat
actgacattgccgtccaaagaccagatatgcgtgcgagagcagatggaggagctacggct
gaaatccaagaacggtgccatcaaggatttgtacagacatttcacaacggtcgagggata
ccagcactcccggtcccagttctaccattttttgaaaacccagtacaaccacctctttgt
caacgagcttga
>g00014c g00014c   2604:3077 reverse
cctagcgtttccaagttgaacaacaagtcgtccggttcggccaactcttgcgggaacccg
cacaagacaaacagtttgcggattatccccttgatgcttgcatgggggtactccacgggg
agctcggaggggttgtacgcaaacatagactcccacaggtcgtctttgtctgcatccccg
ttcctggccgtcttgttctttttcaactgcgactttgtcggtgtgccgtgcttcgttgga
gtcggacgtctgccaaccacgtcgtcctgttggaactcaaacaccttgttgtgtttgctc
ggagaaaaccctaccctcgaggcgtttgcagggtatatcttgccactgttggggctgacg
ggtggagagggcgaccgccagccgtcgcggctctgcacgtactctgtgtattgctgcttg
tctctccgtgacaaacatgtcttcaaccccttcaagggcgtctcgagctcgtag
>g00015c g00015c   2647:3072 reverse
cgtttccaagttgaacaacaagtcgtccggttcggccaactcttgcgggaacccgcacaa
gacaaacagtttgcggattatccccttgatgcttgcatgggggtactccacggggagctc
ggaggggttgtacgcaaacatagactcccacaggtcgtctttgtctgcatccccgttcct
ggccgtcttgttctttttcaactgcgactttgtcggtgtgccgtgcttcgttggagtcgg
acgtctgccaaccacgtcgtcctgttggaactcaaacaccttgttgtgtttgctcggaga
aaaccctaccctcgaggcgtttgcagggtatatcttgccactgttggggctgacgggtgg
agagggcgaccgccagccgtcgcggctctgcacgtactctgtgtattgctgcttgtctct
ccgtga
>g00016 g00016   2802:3125 forward
gttccaacaggacgacgtggttggcagacgtccgactccaacgaagcacggcacaccgac
aaagtcgcagttgaaaaagaacaagacggccaggaacggggatgcagacaaagacgacct
gtgggagtctatgtttgcgtacaacccctccgagctccccgtggagtacccccatgcaag
catcaaggggataatccgcaaactgtttgtcttgtgcgggttcccgcaagagttggccga
accggacgacttgttgttcaacttggaaacgctaggctacgccatcgccactgcccaggg
caacaagttggacattgtccatga
>g00017c g00017c   3059:4093 reverse
ctgtttccaactggtgctccaggtcttcgagtcggtccttgtagtactctgcagtgtcga
cgcacccgttgtactggtcaaccaactgcttgtacttggcctcccactggaatatctctc
gttggtagtcgttgtggacctttaccatttcacagtgatggtcgtactcccgcttctctc
tcttttcgcactcctcttggtagaagcttagatcctccctggtgcagacgtatttttcct
tcaattcttctagtcggaactccatcgcctctttttcgtttctgcgcacctcttcaccca
ccgcgatgctatcgagccggtactttaggtggttctttatcttgttcaactttacatttt
ccattttcaacagcgccatctctctttcgagacctttgcaagactcctccactttctcca
cttcctcgacccgttgacggttcgccgcgatctccctctccaaggctgccaagtggttgt
cctttccccggcagacgcgttctagcttgcagatttgggactccaactcctcgtttctgt
ccaagagtccctcgcactttttcattttgctgcgactgtcctccaactcctcggccaacc
gtctgttcaactcctcttgcctcgtcaactggtagttgtagtgtgtcacttttctcttgc
aactctctaaatcttcgtggctgccacggcttgtctctgctcctagatacaggatctcgt
ttttcaaatggatgttctcctccaccactctgcgaagccgttcttccctggcttgcgtca
cctcttcgcggacctgatagtcgcagagggttttctccaggagatccctctcgctttcaa
gagccgtgcatctgctgctcgtctggtctagcctgctttccattttacccaaagcgtcct
ggtaccgggcgaattcttgcctcaggtctctggccaagttgcgcaagaaccgaatctcct
tttccctttcatggacaatgtccaacttgttgccctgggcagtggcgatggcgtagccta
gcgtttccaagttga
>g00018 g00018   3258:3785 forward
aagcgagagggatctcctggagaaaaccctctgcgactatcaggtccgcgaagaggtgac
gcaagccagggaagaacggcttcgcagagtggtggaggagaacatccatttgaaaaacga
gatcctgtatctaggagcagagacaagccgtggcagccacgaagatttagagagttgcaa
gagaaaagtgacacactacaactaccagttgacgaggcaagaggagttgaacagacggtt
ggccgaggagttggaggacagtcgcagcaaaatgaaaaagtgcgagggactcttggacag
aaacgaggagttggagtcccaaatctgcaagctagaacgcgtctgccggggaaaggacaa
ccacttggcagccttggagagggagatcgcggcgaaccgtcaacgggtcgaggaagtgga
gaaagtggaggagtcttgcaaaggtctcgaaagagagatggcgctgttgaaaatggaaaa
tgtaaagttgaacaagataaagaaccacctaaagtaccggctcgatag
>g00019c g00019c   3883:4212 reverse
gaacattggcgacaagggacttgcactcgcgcttgcgcttgcactcgcactcttgcttct
caaaaacaagctagaactcataaaagtctctttgaatctctcgtgcttgcttttcttgac
tgtttccaactggtgctccaggtcttcgagtcggtccttgtagtactctgcagtgtcgac
gcacccgttgtactggtcaaccaactgcttgtacttggcctcccactggaatatctctcg
ttggtagtcgttgtggacctttaccatttcacagtgatggtcgtactcccgcttctctct
cttttcgcactcctcttggtagaagcttag
>g00020 g00020   4143:4445 forward
cttgtttttgagaagcaagagtgcgagtgcaagcgcaagcgcgagtgcaagtcccttgtc
gccaatgttctcacctgctaccggagcgtacgacgagaacaggatcgtgatgcccaagaa
aagcaccagtttaaccagtttgttaaagctgtacaagacgtaatcctgggaagggaagtc
tcaggagctgtccgcaaaaaaacgaaggaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagaca
tactggcgtgcctcgcatcgcgtcagcaaatcctctgtgacagtagcaaagataaaagga
tag
>g00021 g00021   4593:5579 forward
acacgcaaaccgcaagacatgacacatcctagagctaccgaaatctatttcaatttgaac
actggcgccaagatcccatcattgggcttgggaacagtcaatccgccggaaaaaatgcca
caaaccaaggacgccgtcaaacacgctgtcaaaaatgggtacaggctgatcgacaccgca
tggatgtacggctcggaaccctacatcggagaggctttgcaagaactgttcgaagagggc
gtcgtcaagagagaagatcttttcatcaccacaaaggtatggccgtgccactacaacacc
gtcgagcagtctctgcaagagtcgttgaagcagttgaagctagactacgtcgacctgttg
ttgcagcactggccgctgtgctttgtgaaacagtacgatgaacatggaaagttgaagagc
cacccagtggaccccaagagcggagacattgtgctggacgaaaagggagactacttgacc
acatggaagcagttggaaaaagtgtacaaggacggcagcggccgcgtccgcaacatcggc
gtgtccaactacccggtcgagtacctggagcgcttgctgaaggaaaccgaggtggtcccc
gtgctcaaccaggtggaattgcatcctctcttgccgcaggaagagttgtcggagtactgt
aactcgcacggcatcctgatggagagtttctcaccattggggtcaagtggcaccccacat
ctcgaacacccgctggtcaaagagctcagcaaaaaatacgactgtgagcccggcagcgtg
ctgctaaactaccacgtcagaaagggcaacgtcgttgttccaagatcgttgaaccatggc
aggatcataaagaatgctgactttgtcgctttgagcgaagaagatctggacaagctgagt
ggactcggcagagaaaagcctgtgcgtgtgatggatgagtactttgccacttcgatcccg
gggttccatggaacccatcatccatga
>g00022 g00022   4625:4993 forward
agctaccgaaatctatttcaatttgaacactggcgccaagatcccatcattgggcttggg
aacagtcaatccgccggaaaaaatgccacaaaccaaggacgccgtcaaacacgctgtcaa
aaatgggtacaggctgatcgacaccgcatggatgtacggctcggaaccctacatcggaga
ggctttgcaagaactgttcgaagagggcgtcgtcaagagagaagatcttttcatcaccac
aaaggtatggccgtgccactacaacaccgtcgagcagtctctgcaagagtcgttgaagca
gttgaagctagactacgtcgacctgttgttgcagcactggccgctgtgctttgtgaaaca
gtacgatga
>g00023c g00023c   4858:5196 reverse
gcacggggaccacctcggtttccttcagcaagcgctccaggtactcgaccgggtagttgg
acacgccgatgttgcggacgcggccgctgccgtccttgtacactttttccaactgcttcc
atgtggtcaagtagtctcccttttcgtccagcacaatgtctccgctcttggggtccactg
ggtggctcttcaactttccatgttcatcgtactgtttcacaaagcacagcggccagtgct
gcaacaacaggtcgacgtagtctagcttcaactgcttcaacgactcttgcagagactgct
cgacggtgttgtagtggcacggccatacctttgtggtga
>g00024c g00024c   4932:5282 reverse
gaaactctccatcaggatgccgtgcgagttacagtactccgacaactcttcctgcggcaa
gagaggatgcaattccacctggttgagcacggggaccacctcggtttccttcagcaagcg
ctccaggtactcgaccgggtagttggacacgccgatgttgcggacgcggccgctgccgtc
cttgtacactttttccaactgcttccatgtggtcaagtagtctcccttttcgtccagcac
aatgtctccgctcttggggtccactgggtggctcttcaactttccatgttcatcgtactg
tttcacaaagcacagcggccagtgctgcaacaacaggtcgacgtagtctag
>g00025c g00025c   5376:5693 reverse
gagacacacagggtaagccagcagccggcaaggttgctgaccagatcccaaacccacgca
tacaacaaacacagacttgggctggcctggcagttctcccgcgccaaccgtcaatcatgg
atgatgggttccatggaaccccgggatcgaagtggcaaagtactcatccatcacacgcac
aggcttttctctgccgagtccactcagcttgtccagatcttcttcgctcaaagcgacaaa
gtcagcattctttatgatcctgccatggttcaacgatcttggaacaacgacgttgccctt
tctgacgtggtagtttag
>g00026c g00026c   5437:5916 reverse
agagagagaaagagagagagagatatatatatagatataggaccgagagatcttctgaga
tgtagattcgcctattttcgagttcataaatatattcgttatttgatggccaggaagggc
ttccccgagattgcattgagaacagtcagttgcctggcggacggaccagtggcttgtcgc
cacaccacaccaccttacatacatgtattacttcgagccatgagagacacacagggtaag
ccagcagccggcaaggttgctgaccagatcccaaacccacgcatacaacaaacacagact
tgggctggcctggcagttctcccgcgccaaccgtcaatcatggatgatgggttccatgga
accccgggatcgaagtggcaaagtactcatccatcacacgcacaggcttttctctgccga
gtccactcagcttgtccagatcttcttcgctcaaagcgacaaagtcagcattctttatga
>g00027 g00027   5772:6107 forward
ctgttctcaatgcaatctcggggaagcccttcctggccatcaaataacgaatatatttat
gaactcgaaaataggcgaatctacatctcagaagatctctcggtcctatatctatatata
tatctctctctctctttctctctctttatatgccagcggagctgcatgtgcggtcgaagc
tcgcaagatttccgtgcggcagggaacccactgattttccagacctggagatcgtacgtg
cctttggaagaattagttttgcttcaaagatgcacaccttgtcgaggcagaaaaacactg
ttgcacgatcccaaggtcacaaagtgtatccaatga
>g00028 g00028   6242:6610 forward
cacgcattcctcttgcctgctctgcacgcctgctacagtttaccttttagtcttgtttct
cgtcccccattgaacagccttgtcgacaccagggctggctgtccggcggtcaaaacaggt
ttgctaaacaccatttggaatgcgccgacccaccactgttggcagctttggcgtataaaa
gctgcaacaaacgctatagacagcagcacaagtgttttccagataccaaagtcggatttc
cactacctaaaccggtggctactgcacgatcacaacatgcgtgtatccagctggaccggt
gttgtgatctgttttctttctttttccttttttttttttttttcctttctcctttttact
ttaacatag
>g00029 g00029   6292:6657 forward
tcttgtttctcgtcccccattgaacagccttgtcgacaccagggctggctgtccggcggt
caaaacaggtttgctaaacaccatttggaatgcgccgacccaccactgttggcagctttg
gcgtataaaagctgcaacaaacgctatagacagcagcacaagtgttttccagataccaaa
gtcggatttccactacctaaaccggtggctactgcacgatcacaacatgcgtgtatccag
ctggaccggtgttgtgatctgttttctttctttttccttttttttttttttttcctttct
cctttttactttaacatagattctgtgtgtgcgtgtatgtgtgttgtcattgcgtcgtcg
acatga
>g00030 g00030   6859:7278 forward
tgcgtgtcaacagctttgcttggttgttatttatccttttttcccccatcggctggatac
gcactggataatatggttctcattccattagacgcgtgctgcttagcgagcgtggtgggg
catcggcacatgtcctatcctgggcttgccctaacggtttcatctgttgcagatgtgagc
tgtatgccaaggcagaatcgggttgccattttcgtctggatctcagactctgcttttttc
agctggcaggctgcagactttagagaaacacttgaacccatcacatgtatgctgcaaggg
ccgaaacctaaagtttcgagatctgggaaacacctggcgttcaaatggcttgcacactct
ctgtcctactggcgctgtatcttttaccaaaaagagaaaggaaaaagaggaagatactaa
>g00031 g00031   7037:7438 forward
gctgtatgccaaggcagaatcgggttgccattttcgtctggatctcagactctgcttttt
tcagctggcaggctgcagactttagagaaacacttgaacccatcacatgtatgctgcaag
ggccgaaacctaaagtttcgagatctgggaaacacctggcgttcaaatggcttgcacact
ctctgtcctactggcgctgtatcttttaccaaaaagagaaaggaaaaagaggaagatact
aaatgcctttggtcatatttttcctgtggttattattgtcacagttgtaccatgcaaata
tacagctgcctagcgtcatccagtgtatcctttatcaggctcagtttcgctcattgtcga
acggcttgccaggccatgatttctttttcaatctgtacctag
>g00032 g00032   7279:7650 forward
atgcctttggtcatatttttcctgtggttattattgtcacagttgtaccatgcaaatata
cagctgcctagcgtcatccagtgtatcctttatcaggctcagtttcgctcattgtcgaac
ggcttgccaggccatgatttctttttcaatctgtacctagattgtacggcatcagatcaa
accagctatcagagaccgctgtatcgttcagcgatattcaattggtgtgagatagtattc
ctagcttcttcagagacccagatgtcggcttggttttgtttcccccgccttctctctctc
cccctgtgtggtaaaacacagctaccagtacgcacactttggttcaaaagagtgcctcgg
tatcctgtttga
>g00033 g00033   8075:8380 forward
cacgccaaaagtcatattcctgtttcaaaaatgcaaaaacgaaaaatcatcgtcttttcc
cccaccgaaagttatgagttgcaccacatcgctaactcgacgatatccgaaactggcgat
agggacttgtataagtccttcctacccaacccgctcatgatcatgatcacctactctctc
tctcttttttttaattgcattttttttttttttttttttttttttgatttttctttttgc
ttcatatcagcagtgatcctgcttcataaagagagcattagccaaccccaaaacaggaaa
aaataa
>g00034 g00034   9336:10409 forward
agtcattccaggggtttccttatatcagataccagtttgcaagtttggctggtaactcga
ttgtacaatcatacctgcttcttctttgtttcttccagagaagcacttactgcccgatca
catttgttaccagatagtacttgttaccagatcgcgtttactacccgatcacatctacta
ctcgattacattcactatccgatcggatttactaaactactttacttctcaatcacactt
acgccgcatcaagtgagaaaaaacaaactgtacaaaaaaactggtatgcgttgtagttgt
aaacatttgaatgccagcaaggtaatcaaacggccaccaaacgcctttatcttgttcaga
cagaaattcttccgccttttgaaagacgtcgacatcctcactcgattctccaccagaatt
ttcttgtgtatgccagatgaaagagaactagggacgttcggtatccaggactttagagag
ctcgtcagcattctccactcttgcctagtgtacccggtttgtggcaagttcaaatctaca
gaggtctcaagatatgtatccgtgaagtggaatgcacttccatccgaaacaaaaaagcgc
tggtttaacctggccaacaaagagaaacacctgcacagtttgagattcccgaattacagg
ttctgtccgacacgtaaactgcaggtgcggcatcaagtcttggcccagcagccaactgtt
tcgaccgaggaggaacttcggctgctgccaggcatcctgacaagccatagaggctcattt
ctagccagtcatttcgaaccgtgtgatttttgcaaggaaagggcgggcttggaaccagca
acggctaagttccacaactggaacaagagctactacgagctctggacgattaccatcgat
gttgatgtgttgaaagaaaatcttggactgtgtcatgagggaggtatgtgcaatctgaca
gagctgtgcaatagggccttttgcaaaggagatgtcagcagagaccagcaagccaacgtg
agttcggagttgttttctgagcatgcggttccgagagctatctgcaaggagtag
>g00035c g00035c   9584:9988 reverse
ttcgggaatctcaaactgtgcaggtgtttctctttgttggccaggttaaaccagcgcttt
tttgtttcggatggaagtgcattccacttcacggatacatatcttgagacctctgtagat
ttgaacttgccacaaaccgggtacactaggcaagagtggagaatgctgacgagctctcta
aagtcctggataccgaacgtccctagttctctttcatctggcatacacaagaaaattctg
gtggagaatcgagtgaggatgtcgacgtctttcaaaaggcggaagaatttctgtctgaac
aagataaaggcgtttggtggccgtttgattaccttgctggcattcaaatgtttacaacta
caacgcataccagtttttttgtacagtttgttttttctcacttga
>g00036c g00036c   10116:10535 reverse
ctacaagcatggttggttgattccaaaagcccagcttttaatcagaaaagctttatgaca
agtggacctcttaccgttctagtgactaaccgttttagaaagtccgttgagtggtcgaca
aagcgtctactccttgcagatagctctcggaaccgcatgctcagaaaacaactccgaact
cacgttggcttgctggtctctgctgacatctcctttgcaaaaggccctattgcacagctc
tgtcagattgcacatacctccctcatgacacagtccaagattttctttcaacacatcaac
atcgatggtaatcgtccagagctcgtagtagctcttgttccagttgtggaacttagccgt
tgctggttccaagcccgccctttccttgcaaaaatcacacggttcgaaatgactggctag
>g00037c g00037c   10826:11149 reverse
acctgccatatccgaggatgcctggctctgagaagcagatttccagagaaacaaaaacca
ttaaaaaaaagggaaaatcttcaaggtctaatctgttggcatggtttcaataacacaacc
actaggtatactgttgcagatacgaaacacactgatctcctcctcttttctttttttttt
ttttatcttttttgtcctttttctatttttttttttgcaccaaacaggaatgcgtacctt
gtacctgttttcgtgagaactggtatgagatccgacttggcaagccagcctctccaaata
tttacgaaaatccacgcaaggtaa
>g00038c g00038c   11894:12277 reverse
accggctcgagcaaatacagagcccgaagctgcgaccaggtgccactcgaaaccacggta
accacgatgatattaccattcctgcctgcacgccggccacgctttttcccggcagcacgt
tcggctctgctttacgtcccaaactacaatccgttcttgacgtgcagatgcttcaaaaag
ggtcaggaacaaatgcgatatgagtgctctaagcttggcagtcagcaaaactcagaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagaaacacatctctgctgctgtgcacgaggactacacgcgcta
gcgtggtatctattaaatatgctaattaaaccaggccgacaggcgtaccacacgtatcgt
gtggtccacggtccggccgtataa
>g00039c g00039c   12075:12377 reverse
aagtccgcaaccggcatggactgcacgttcagagcaagcttttgggctgactggatgcga
tgtcgcgtcagtcgccagtggaaacgtaatctgtcggtgaaccggctcgagcaaatacag
agcccgaagctgcgaccaggtgccactcgaaaccacggtaaccacgatgatattaccatt
cctgcctgcacgccggccacgctttttcccggcagcacgttcggctctgctttacgtccc
aaactacaatccgttcttgacgtgcagatgcttcaaaaagggtcaggaacaaatgcgata
tga
>g00040 g00040   12147:12479 forward
agcagagccgaacgtgctgccgggaaaaagcgtggccggcgtgcaggcaggaatggtaat
atcatcgtggttaccgtggtttcgagtggcacctggtcgcagcttcgggctctgtatttg
ctcgagccggttcaccgacagattacgtttccactggcgactgacgcgacatcgcatcca
gtcagcccaaaagcttgctctgaacgtgcagtccatgccggttgcggactttcaggaaac
acggtagccttgctgtacccactggaaactgctttgttttcgccaactggacatgcaaca
gaagttctgcgcggtgagaacgcacaacagtga
>g00041c g00041c   12278:12664 reverse
caagcctctgctcgcgacgagcttctgcccatggcgatcctctgctcgcccaaggctatt
ccggcctgcaaccacgctcactccgactccgctgcgccctgccaaatccacgttgtggta
tgcaaggattcaatcttcaggtcggctgcatgcttcgatttacagatgcgcgcaagtgca
ggatatcactgttgtgcgttctcaccgcgcagaacttctgttgcatgtccagttggcgaa
aacaaagcagtttccagtgggtacagcaaggctaccgtgtttcctgaaagtccgcaaccg
gcatggactgcacgttcagagcaagcttttgggctgactggatgcgatgtcgcgtcagtc
gccagtggaaacgtaatctgtcggtga
>g00042c g00042c   12328:12720 reverse
ttgcgtagtatctgccagtacgtagttcgtcgcactcctcccactcttgcgtgtgacaag
cctctgctcgcgacgagcttctgcccatggcgatcctctgctcgcccaaggctattccgg
cctgcaaccacgctcactccgactccgctgcgccctgccaaatccacgttgtggtatgca
aggattcaatcttcaggtcggctgcatgcttcgatttacagatgcgcgcaagtgcaggat
atcactgttgtgcgttctcaccgcgcagaacttctgttgcatgtccagttggcgaaaaca
aagcagtttccagtgggtacagcaaggctaccgtgtttcctgaaagtccgcaaccggcat
ggactgcacgttcagagcaagcttttgggctga
>g00043c g00043c   12378:12695 reverse
ttcgtcgcactcctcccactcttgcgtgtgacaagcctctgctcgcgacgagcttctgcc
catggcgatcctctgctcgcccaaggctattccggcctgcaaccacgctcactccgactc
cgctgcgccctgccaaatccacgttgtggtatgcaaggattcaatcttcaggtcggctgc
atgcttcgatttacagatgcgcgcaagtgcaggatatcactgttgtgcgttctcaccgcg
cagaacttctgttgcatgtccagttggcgaaaacaaagcagtttccagtgggtacagcaa
ggctaccgtgtttcctga
>g00044 g00044   12977:13558 forward
ttcaaagtaatgtacagttatatagaagtaaaagtacgtggtttcattccagaaaaaacc
acgcgtctaagatctctcgcctctcaatcttctggccaacttgatgtccttcttttggat
ggtgacacgcttggcgtggatggcagccaggttggtgtcttcgaacaaggagaccaagta
agcttcgacggattcttgcaaagcaccgatagcagaagattggaatctcaagtcggtctt
gaagtcctgggcgatttccctgaccaatctttggaaaggcaactttctgatcaacaactc
agtggacttttggaatcttctgatttctctcaaggcaacggtacctggcttgtatctgtg
aggcttcttgacaccaccagtagatggagcagattttctggcagccttggaagccaactg
ttttcttggagccttaccaccggtagactttcttgcggtttgtttagttctagccattat
tgtttgacgtttggagtgagcgggagagagaggaagagcaaaagagaaagagaagtaaag
ggaagaagaggcgaaaacagcagggacgacgagtttatatag
>g00045c g00045c   13043:13861 reverse
tttccgtatacggcaatgagttctggcgcgttcgcgcctgagagccgcgcacgcgaaaaa
accggtctgcagatagtgcgcgcggcgggcgttttcctcccagcggcgcgtgcgcggacc
agctttttcccggcgcgccgtgcccgcagcttcgcaccccttgcccaccgcgcaaactgc
cgcatttggcgtgcttccggcactgcccttcattactgtgtctcgcgctgcggtctcgct
ctgcggcctcgcaaactaaattgctctgcagacccacacatccgccgccgttgccgctcc
cggctatataaactcgtcgtccctgctgttttcgcctcttcttccctttacttctctttc
tcttttgctcttcctctctctcccgctcactccaaacgtcaaacaataatggctagaact
aaacaaaccgcaagaaagtctaccggtggtaaggctccaagaaaacagttggcttccaag
gctgccagaaaatctgctccatctactggtggtgtcaagaagcctcacagatacaagcca
ggtaccgttgccttgagagaaatcagaagattccaaaagtccactgagttgttgatcaga
aagttgcctttccaaagattggtcagggaaatcgcccaggacttcaagaccgacttgaga
ttccaatcttctgctatcggtgctttgcaagaatccgtcgaagcttacttggtctccttg
ttcgaagacaccaacctggctgccatccacgccaagcgtgtcaccatccaaaagaaggac
atcaagttggccagaagattgagaggcgagagatcttag
>g00046 g00046   13450:14130 forward
ccattattgtttgacgtttggagtgagcgggagagagaggaagagcaaaagagaaagaga
agtaaagggaagaagaggcgaaaacagcagggacgacgagtttatatagccgggagcggc
aacggcggcggatgtgtgggtctgcagagcaatttagtttgcgaggccgcagagcgagac
cgcagcgcgagacacagtaatgaagggcagtgccggaagcacgccaaatgcggcagtttg
cgcggtgggcaaggggtgcgaagctgcgggcacggcgcgccgggaaaaagctggtccgcg
cacgcgccgctgggaggaaaacgcccgccgcgcgcactatctgcagaccggttttttcgc
gtgcgcggctctcaggcgcgaacgcgccagaactcattgccgtatacggaaactatgcat
cgacccggaccagtttcttcgcatgcaatctcgctctgcgcgagaaaaaacaggaacgca
aacagccatactaacctgccgctgtctttggccaccgtgcaacctgtatataagaaagct
ctttttcgccttccttccgtgtctcgttcgccccttgtttttgctctcgttttttcttct
tttaacccgccagaagattcttatttctcttcattcaacacacacacacacacacacaca
cacaaaacacacaatcaataa
>g00047 g00047   13607:14140 forward
tttgcgaggccgcagagcgagaccgcagcgcgagacacagtaatgaagggcagtgccgga
agcacgccaaatgcggcagtttgcgcggtgggcaaggggtgcgaagctgcgggcacggcg
cgccgggaaaaagctggtccgcgcacgcgccgctgggaggaaaacgcccgccgcgcgcac
tatctgcagaccggttttttcgcgtgcgcggctctcaggcgcgaacgcgccagaactcat
tgccgtatacggaaactatgcatcgacccggaccagtttcttcgcatgcaatctcgctct
gcgcgagaaaaaacaggaacgcaaacagccatactaacctgccgctgtctttggccaccg
tgcaacctgtatataagaaagctctttttcgccttccttccgtgtctcgttcgccccttg
tttttgctctcgttttttcttcttttaacccgccagaagattcttatttctcttcattca
acacacacacacacacacacacacacaaaacacacaatcaataatgtccggtag
>g00048 g00048   14055:14441 forward
cccgccagaagattcttatttctcttcattcaacacacacacacacacacacacacacaa
aacacacaatcaataatgtccggtagaggtaaaggcggtaaaggtttgggtaaaggtggt
gctaagcgtcacagaaagatcttgagagacaacatccaaggtatcaccaagccagctatc
agaagattggccagaagaggtggtgtcaagcgtatttctggtttgatctacgaagaagtc
agaaccgttctaaagacctttttggaatccgttatcagagacgctgtcacttacaccgag
cacgccaagagaaagactgttacttctttggatgtcgtctacgctttaaagagacaaggc
agaaccttgtacggtttcggtggttag
>g00049 g00049   14745:17897 forward
aaaaaagaaacaaagttacgtccaaaagaaaagaatctgactctcaccctggatttctta
gatgcaacacctgtttgcaacttatttctgtttcactttaaacttagttgttccacacac
tttctccattctcttctacaactgtcggttgcactaaggtgttccaagagaatcacacac
actacttttggtctatctcactatcccttttcgattcccgccaccctcactcgcctctgt
aatttctttccgcttactgtggcaaatcatatttatcttttactattactcctcaaagcg
ttttttctgatggaacagactagcactcagacaaacactcctcctacggaacctgtttct
cttcgccctcaggataccaggaagccgtctccaagtcccacggcttccgctgccgccgcc
gccgccgccgccgccgcatcctcttctgctacatcctccaccagccctagcacatcttcc
tcaaatctgtctgctgccaaggcttctcacaacccatctcggcagccctctgatgtcgac
atgcatcactacgtagaggatgtcagagcgtccaacgatcatggctgtgtcactccttct
caaaaccaactcacctctcagcataaccgccagcttccctctcagcagccctccacgatc
tcttcttcttcttcttctttctctacctcctcgttttctgcaaactcctcgtctgacgag
tcctcctcctccaccactgccaccaccaccctcacaaactcaaccttcaacactaccgtc
attcataataccacaacgatcttcaaacctttcgactctcaaactggccagtttgtgaag
ccatcaaacgcatccacatcgaaaccttctccccccatcactaccaatacccctgtgcca
cctcatcaaaaacatcttgactacaggcccttggcttctctgaaagcttcctccagaaac
aagttcagatcgcattccgttcccaccatcttacattcttccctgagaaggataggtctg
ccatctcagcaatacccgcatcaccgtcaaaacaacactgacagcaacaatgacaataac
aacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaac
aacaacaacaacaacaacagcaacagaaatcatgcccatctacaacaacaccagcaccag
caccatcgccatcaccatcatcaacagcttccttacggcatcaacaagaaaaagaaaact
tccaaagcaaacaatcaccattctctacgccatgctattctaatgaaccatcgcttgcag
tcctcccacaacggtcaaatctctatcgatgacagaatcaagtacatcaggtcctacccg
ggcccaatgccgttgcccccgataaatttgcaatgtctaagggagatcgacctccaagag
atagtcaagaacccgcagctgaggcacgacataatattcgacccgctcttgcagttcaga
ccaaacttggatggcgaacgcggcgccaaaaagagacagatctcggacaagtattggagc
gacgttgaaaacgaaatcatcgtgtacatgcaaagaccccaggttttccagtatgaccac
acccgtttggttcccctattcaacactttgaaagaggtgcttttgacaatcgtcccgcaa
aaggaggcccacaccgtccaaaacatcctcgattccgagctgatcgtccaggagctgttg
aagggatccctggtgatgtccaacttgtccgaatggctggcacagctcttcaagcaccac
tgtgctccaatgagggacacgtgggtcgataagatgagcaaaaagttcaaggaggccgag
gaggaaaaatccgtcagcaagttggccgatggtttgagactggtgttccagatcctggag
gcgatgaagttggacattgcgaaccaccagattcgtatcttgaggcctgcgcttttgagc
aacgccgtggagtttgaaaaacagtacttccagtccttgatggcctcgaacagagtcgac
ctcaaatcctctttgaaatggttcaacaccaagtttgaagagagctgcagacagcttttg
atcaagaccgaccgtctcagggccccggaagtttacaggctctgcatcaggagcataata
agcctgctttcttgccgcaaaatggtgagagaatacccaacctctctctcctttgaccac
gcaagactggttctcctacgtgcggacatccgccagattgtctgtctgctggtgtgccgc
ctgctgttcaagcagctggttgccaacgacacgtccatggacaaatggtgcaaggactac
gtgatgtctgcgtacaccaacaggaggttgaaggccgaaatcgtcagcataatcaccgac
gagcacggcaactgcaggtggaccaaaaacaccatgtctattgccgtccatctgtgcaag
accataaacgacctgaaactgcagttccagagaaacaagaccggtgccacactgtccgcg
ctgtcgaggtcgtccaccttgagcggtccagagccgccatcctccgcagccacccacgcc
acgcccctggacagttccaagattgactttgccaaatcgtggctgtcgaagcaaacccag
cctttgagcgaggtgtacggcgtattggaggccagggtgttcaagtccttagaagaaagc
attttcaccaagtccggctgcacgcaggacggttacgtcaaacaagattttatacatctg
tgcagcgctccatcaaataccaccagcaccaacgccagcggcgccaacctggcaaacacc
gcaggtaacaccgttgtggctccgactccaacgggagatccgtgtgcctctgcgctcgga
agaaccttacctgcgttgtccaacctgatgagcactgtttcgagaccggcctcgccaact
atacctggggacaatttcacaaaagaaaacaccacacaaggggtcacggccgtgccctct
ttacctgcatctaacaatgctttcgtttcctttgactttgaggagtttgaaagcttatac
cgtcatctttacacagtgatcaacttccactggtccgttttcggctgccattacgtggat
tccttgggagacaagatggaaaagactatataa
>g00050c g00050c   16118:16876 reverse
acttccggggccctgagacggtcggtcttgatcaaaagctgtctgcagctctcttcaaac
ttggtgttgaaccatttcaaagaggatttgaggtcgactctgttcgaggccatcaaggac
tggaagtactgtttttcaaactccacggcgttgctcaaaagcgcaggcctcaagatacga
atctggtggttcgcaatgtccaacttcatcgcctccaggatctggaacaccagtctcaaa
ccatcggccaacttgctgacggatttttcctcctcggcctccttgaactttttgctcatc
ttatcgacccacgtgtccctcattggagcacagtggtgcttgaagagctgtgccagccat
tcggacaagttggacatcaccagggatcccttcaacagctcctggacgatcagctcggaa
tcgaggatgttttggacggtgtgggcctccttttgcgggacgattgtcaaaagcacctct
ttcaaagtgttgaataggggaaccaaacgggtgtggtcatactggaaaacctggggtctt
tgcatgtacacgatgatttcgttttcaacgtcgctccaatacttgtccgagatctgtctc
tttttggcgccgcgttcgccatccaagtttggtctgaactgcaagagcgggtcgaatatt
atgtcgtgcctcagctgcgggttcttgactatctcttggaggtcgatctcccttagacat
tgcaaatttatcgggggcaacggcattgggcccgggtag
>g00051c g00051c   16380:16979 reverse
gagaaccagtcttgcgtggtcaaaggagagagaggttgggtattctctcaccattttgcg
gcaagaaagcaggcttattatgctcctgatgcagagcctgtaaacttccggggccctgag
acggtcggtcttgatcaaaagctgtctgcagctctcttcaaacttggtgttgaaccattt
caaagaggatttgaggtcgactctgttcgaggccatcaaggactggaagtactgtttttc
aaactccacggcgttgctcaaaagcgcaggcctcaagatacgaatctggtggttcgcaat
gtccaacttcatcgcctccaggatctggaacaccagtctcaaaccatcggccaacttgct
gacggatttttcctcctcggcctccttgaactttttgctcatcttatcgacccacgtgtc
cctcattggagcacagtggtgcttgaagagctgtgccagccattcggacaagttggacat
caccagggatcccttcaacagctcctggacgatcagctcggaatcgaggatgttttggac
ggtgtgggcctccttttgcgggacgattgtcaaaagcacctctttcaaagtgttgaatag
>g00052 g00052   16961:17350 forward
ccacgcaagactggttctcctacgtgcggacatccgccagattgtctgtctgctggtgtg
ccgcctgctgttcaagcagctggttgccaacgacacgtccatggacaaatggtgcaagga
ctacgtgatgtctgcgtacaccaacaggaggttgaaggccgaaatcgtcagcataatcac
cgacgagcacggcaactgcaggtggaccaaaaacaccatgtctattgccgtccatctgtg
caagaccataaacgacctgaaactgcagttccagagaaacaagaccggtgccacactgtc
cgcgctgtcgaggtcgtccaccttgagcggtccagagccgccatcctccgcagccaccca
cgccacgcccctggacagttccaagattga
>g00053c g00053c   16980:17432 reverse
ggacttgaacaccctggcctccaatacgccgtacacctcgctcaaaggctgggtttgctt
cgacagccacgatttggcaaagtcaatcttggaactgtccaggggcgtggcgtgggtggc
tgcggaggatggcggctctggaccgctcaaggtggacgacctcgacagcgcggacagtgt
ggcaccggtcttgtttctctggaactgcagtttcaggtcgtttatggtcttgcacagatg
gacggcaatagacatggtgtttttggtccacctgcagttgccgtgctcgtcggtgattat
gctgacgatttcggccttcaacctcctgttggtgtacgcagacatcacgtagtccttgca
ccatttgtccatggacgtgtcgttggcaaccagctgcttgaacagcaggcggcacaccag
cagacagacaatctggcggatgtccgcacgtag
>g00054c g00054c   17081:17476 reverse
ccgtcctgcgtgcagccggacttggtgaaaatgctttcttctaaggacttgaacaccctg
gcctccaatacgccgtacacctcgctcaaaggctgggtttgcttcgacagccacgatttg
gcaaagtcaatcttggaactgtccaggggcgtggcgtgggtggctgcggaggatggcggc
tctggaccgctcaaggtggacgacctcgacagcgcggacagtgtggcaccggtcttgttt
ctctggaactgcagtttcaggtcgtttatggtcttgcacagatggacggcaatagacatg
gtgtttttggtccacctgcagttgccgtgctcgtcggtgattatgctgacgatttcggcc
ttcaacctcctgttggtgtacgcagacatcacgtag
>g00055c g00055c   17477:17806 reverse
cggtataagctttcaaactcctcaaagtcaaaggaaacgaaagcattgttagatgcaggt
aaagagggcacggccgtgaccccttgtgtggtgttttcttttgtgaaattgtccccaggt
atagttggcgaggccggtctcgaaacagtgctcatcaggttggacaacgcaggtaaggtt
cttccgagcgcagaggcacacggatctcccgttggagtcggagccacaacggtgttacct
gcggtgtttgccaggttggcgccgctggcgttggtgctggtggtatttgatggagcgctg
cacagatgtataaaatcttgtttgacgtaa
>g00056 g00056   17824:18156 forward
tcaacttccactggtccgttttcggctgccattacgtggattccttgggagacaagatgg
aaaagactatataagggtacacgtttttcttcttcttcttttccagttttaacaactttt
tttttttgttttattatattttatttcatcccaccttcatcatctcgccttcatctcacc
ttcctaattccactcacttcattctgccttcatttcaccttcattccatcttcttcattt
caccacggttacttttcaccttctcccatttcctttttgtattgcttttactttcacaaa
catgttttccaggccgtcatcatatccatgtag
>g00057 g00057   17898:18260 forward
gggtacacgtttttcttcttcttcttttccagttttaacaactttttttttttgttttat
tatattttatttcatcccaccttcatcatctcgccttcatctcaccttcctaattccact
cacttcattctgccttcatttcaccttcattccatcttcttcatttcaccacggttactt
ttcaccttctcccatttcctttttgtattgcttttactttcacaaacatgttttccaggc
cgtcatcatatccatgtagttgagtgtactttatcctccttgaagattagggcaagagat
gcgggagagaaggaagggacaaaaaaacaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaggaaaagaagaaaaaga
taa
>g00058 g00058   18578:20779 forward
tctgctgataacaacggaaatatcacgttctccttctccaaacgctacagcctcacacac
ggaccctctcgaacaattgtgatgaataacaactctaaaaagctgtcgccactagacgac
ttgagacggcagaccagtaattccgatcctgatattcaacagggtgtacgccgtcaacag
agtgtacgccgtcagcagcagcagcagcagcagcaacaacaagaacatgagatctctgcg
ttaaggactcgtaaccttagcctgatatctatagactcgatcaaaactactgaaagactt
ttagataaactggatctcagtacagaagatgaactgcttttgcaacaagctcttaaagag
gatgaagaaagaagaaaacaacaacaacagggacaacagaaacccgtgctatgcatgcct
gcatcgggcttcccatccctaagaaataccagcggatccagccaacacagaagaattgca
agtgctggctcttccaaagctcttattgacgaactcgcagataacgaaaagattgtctct
tcaaaggcccccgaaatagaacaacacttttcgaggtacaggtactcctacctggtggag
gaagaaagcgacgaagactgcaattctcccacggattctgggactagtggaaatagcacg
gtcaatattgaaatgtaccgtttgaaaaactccaagtataatggttccgagcagcagcgc
caaaagactcaccagttcccaacaatactggaggcagcaaactacttttcggcctacaac
aaatacgaattcaatacaccgatccaaactccatcgcataccccaaaggctagtatatcc
tcaaccagtagtaggtctctgatcaacccaaatacgcaatcctcgttggaaagcgacaca
tccaaggaaagctcgtccaggagccatagcgctccgagtaacagtaatgccccctcgtgg
caattcactaccccaaagaaatctaccaccagtttgtcaataccggagtcgcaatctccc
gccagtgcgtcttcttcttccttcgcgatgggccacaagaagaagtcttctttttcgcta
aagaacttgttcaaatcgccaaaggtcacttctgaagccggcaagtctccaaagaaatac
cacgtgccttcggtagaaaacacacccccggtgtctgttggatcttcaacctttgcttat
ccacacgagtacagtcagcaacagcaacaacaacagccgcaacaacaacaacagccgcaa
caacaacaacagccgcaacaacaacaacagcagcaccagaaccagcagcaccagcagcac
cggaatcatcaccttctctacccaacatcaacacccaccgcccaaaaaataggccaaatg
ccggaatctgcttcaaagccgcatccatataaagcattcaatagccattccgaaccccgt
tcatcctcatctccattcttgaaccacacagaacttgcagagaacccgtccaagctgtca
aacatcaagagaaagttatcgttcagcagaagcccagtaaatccagtgctgctggtacac
gacgagacaaacaaaccgcagtaccatcaccagccaactttctacgattcggcagatcag
cagcagaacatctcacccgacaacagaatcaaactggccatcgatttaagaaacaaccgt
caactggaagagtccgcaaaccagctgaggttggcgtgcaaggaccatgacaaaaccggc
tttctactgtacgggcttgcgctgagacaaggttctggggtcgagaaaaactaccgagaa
tcgttcaagtacatcaggatggccgccggcatcacttcggaagaggaccaagtgttcaag
caagagacagaccccttccaactctacagcatcccgcaagtgccaccagaaccactggca
ccagcgttgtacgagtgcggcatctcctatctcaaaggatacggcgtagacagggtcgac
gagctcaagggcctaaagtacctggaaaaggccgccgcactaggccacgtcgattccatt
tgcctgagcgggaccatctggtctaaaaaatctaaggttcgaaggagagacatggccaga
gctgctgcgtggttcaggatcgccgataagagaggcgcaaacttgatcggcgccgaatgg
atctacaaggacaagtacatgcagccatcgtccaaagtgtaa
>g00059c g00059c   18769:19164 reverse
gagtacctgtacctcgaaaagtgttgttctatttcgggggcctttgaagagacaatcttt
tcgttatctgcgagttcgtcaataagagctttggaagagccagcacttgcaattcttctg
tgttggctggatccgctggtatttcttagggatgggaagcccgatgcaggcatgcatagc
acgggtttctgttgtccctgttgttgttgttttcttctttcttcatcctctttaagagct
tgttgcaaaagcagttcatcttctgtactgagatccagtttatctaaaagtctttcagta
gttttgatcgagtctatagatatcaggctaaggttacgagtccttaacgcagagatctca
tgttcttgttgttgctgctgctgctgctgctgctga
>g00060c g00060c   19351:19773 reverse
gcaaaggttgaagatccaacagacaccgggggtgtgttttctaccgaaggcacgtggtat
ttctttggagacttgccggcttcagaagtgacctttggcgatttgaacaagttctttagc
gaaaaagaagacttcttcttgtggcccatcgcgaaggaagaagaagacgcactggcggga
gattgcgactccggtattgacaaactggtggtagatttctttggggtagtgaattgccac
gagggggcattactgttactcggagcgctatggctcctggacgagctttccttggatgtg
tcgctttccaacgaggattgcgtatttgggttgatcagagacctactactggttgaggat
atactagcctttggggtatgcgatggagtttggatcggtgtattgaattcgtatttgttg
tag
>g00061c g00061c   19683:19994 reverse
atgctttatatggatgcggctttgaagcagattccggcatttggcctattttttgggcgg
tgggtgttgatgttgggtagagaaggtgatgattccggtgctgctggtgctgctggttct
ggtgctgctgttgttgttgttgcggctgttgttgttgttgcggctgttgttgttgttgcg
gctgttgttgttgctgttgctgactgtactcgtgtggataagcaaaggttgaagatccaa
cagacaccgggggtgtgttttctaccgaaggcacgtggtatttctttggagacttgccgg
cttcagaagtga
>g00062 g00062   20002:20307 forward
ccattccgaaccccgttcatcctcatctccattcttgaaccacacagaacttgcagagaa
cccgtccaagctgtcaaacatcaagagaaagttatcgttcagcagaagcccagtaaatcc
agtgctgctggtacacgacgagacaaacaaaccgcagtaccatcaccagccaactttcta
cgattcggcagatcagcagcagaacatctcacccgacaacagaatcaaactggccatcga
tttaagaaacaaccgtcaactggaagagtccgcaaaccagctgaggttggcgtgcaagga
ccatga
>g00063 g00063   20308:20643 forward
caaaaccggctttctactgtacgggcttgcgctgagacaaggttctggggtcgagaaaaa
ctaccgagaatcgttcaagtacatcaggatggccgccggcatcacttcggaagaggacca
agtgttcaagcaagagacagaccccttccaactctacagcatcccgcaagtgccaccaga
accactggcaccagcgttgtacgagtgcggcatctcctatctcaaaggatacggcgtaga
cagggtcgacgagctcaagggcctaaagtacctggaaaaggccgccgcactaggccacgt
cgattccatttgcctgagcgggaccatctggtctaa
>g00064c g00064c   20597:20908 reverse
gacctccgcgtcacgtgcctaaggcattgcggacaggttgtaaactccttcttgctttta
ttccccattctcctggtgttcccaaaacagatgaggggagtagaggatgatggggtaaac
tacttattgttacactttggacgatggctgcatgtacttgtccttgtagatccattcggc
gccgatcaagtttgcgcctctcttatcggcgatcctgaaccacgcagcagctctggccat
gtctctccttcgaaccttagattttttagaccagatggtcccgctcaggcaaatggaatc
gacgtggcctag
>g00065 g00065   21049:22449 forward
agcaaagttaaacttcctcgcaagttcgatttctgccaaaagaaccacctggtggctcat
tttccatatttccaagccacgagagcacttatagtgcattacagttatgaaggtatgttt
gtattagtggtttcccacccccctctccccttcctcctttccccactatcttgtcctatt
ccaactcgatggcggagtttggtcgcgtttacacagaatgctaacacacgaattgctcaa
cagtttatcgatgaattagatatcgagctggtgaaccagacgttgaatttcgaaaccacc
gactgcaaaatcaccggtggttgcgacattttcaccacaaagcccgtggcctctgataaa
aagctatacaaaaccattgaccgccatttggactcgttactacaagaaaacgcaagttac
aatgtcgctgttcaacagcagattgcactggagtcgaacggcgacctgtcgccatctctt
caagagggcagcacgaccgcggacggaggtaatttgtacaatacacgtggtgactcgagc
tcaccaaactcattttgggcacagaaaagaagaatttccgttagcgaagtacccactggc
aacggaactagcgggactgtgttcaagagccacaagttgaacgaccagaacttgaaagaa
ctagtaaccaacgcagatgccgggtatctgagctcttcttctgcagagtctggcagcaac
ccacacgggaacctcaggaggaccagcagtgccgggagcaacgtacaatgtggcagcata
ccgaggagaaggtcctcggtgcacaaagaaagcgtcaacatcggtccgtttggcccgata
aacgagaccgcaagcagaaggacgtttgcgtatttaattgcgattttgaatgcgtcctat
ccagaccacgatttctcgtctttggaaccaacaaatttcatcaaaagctcgatgaaggct
ttaatttccaagtttgaaaactcgttgatatctcttgggaagcaaccgcaggagtggata
tgggagaccataaatgcgcacatggatctgtcagactgtgcgatataccagtacagccca
gcaaggtcgtttttggacgacgagcctgggcatctatggagtttgatgtggtttttgttc
aacaaaaagaggaaacgggttgcgtttttgtatttgaacacattcaggttgaagaatccc
tcttccgctggaagctcggaaagtgttttgatcgaagaagacgaagaagaggagaagaat
ggacccttgaaaaaattgagaagaaagttgactattgaccatgagaccaatgactttgaa
ggcgagtacgatttgacccacaattcgggcgacgaaaatgccatcgacgacgacgatgat
tctatggatgacgaaagctga
>g00066 g00066   21335:21688 forward
atttcgaaaccaccgactgcaaaatcaccggtggttgcgacattttcaccacaaagcccg
tggcctctgataaaaagctatacaaaaccattgaccgccatttggactcgttactacaag
aaaacgcaagttacaatgtcgctgttcaacagcagattgcactggagtcgaacggcgacc
tgtcgccatctcttcaagagggcagcacgaccgcggacggaggtaatttgtacaatacac
gtggtgactcgagctcaccaaactcattttgggcacagaaaagaagaatttccgttagcg
aagtacccactggcaacggaactagcgggactgtgttcaagagccacaagttga
>g00067c g00067c   21528:21944 reverse
gacgcattcaaaatcgcaattaaatacgcaaacgtccttctgcttgcggtctcgtttatc
gggccaaacggaccgatgttgacgctttctttgtgcaccgaggaccttctcctcggtatg
ctgccacattgtacgttgctcccggcactgctggtcctcctgaggttcccgtgtgggttg
ctgccagactctgcagaagaagagctcagatacccggcatctgcgttggttactagttct
ttcaagttctggtcgttcaacttgtggctcttgaacacagtcccgctagttccgttgcca
gtgggtacttcgctaacggaaattcttcttttctgtgcccaaaatgagtttggtgagctc
gagtcaccacgtgtattgtacaaattacctccgtccgcggtcgtgctgccctcttga
>g00068 g00068   21660:22025 forward
cgggactgtgttcaagagccacaagttgaacgaccagaacttgaaagaactagtaaccaa
cgcagatgccgggtatctgagctcttcttctgcagagtctggcagcaacccacacgggaa
cctcaggaggaccagcagtgccgggagcaacgtacaatgtggcagcataccgaggagaag
gtcctcggtgcacaaagaaagcgtcaacatcggtccgtttggcccgataaacgagaccgc
aagcagaaggacgtttgcgtatttaattgcgattttgaatgcgtcctatccagaccacga
tttctcgtctttggaaccaacaaatttcatcaaaagctcgatgaaggctttaatttccaa
gtttga
>g00069c g00069c   21945:22502 reverse
gagacaagacaatacagaaaaggaacgcaggggagcgttgtccttaccggttgtcagctt
tcgtcatccatagaatcatcgtcgtcgtcgatggcattttcgtcgcccgaattgtgggtc
aaatcgtactcgccttcaaagtcattggtctcatggtcaatagtcaactttcttctcaat
tttttcaagggtccattcttctcctcttcttcgtcttcttcgatcaaaacactttccgag
cttccagcggaagagggattcttcaacctgaatgtgttcaaatacaaaaacgcaacccgt
ttcctctttttgttgaacaaaaaccacatcaaactccatagatgcccaggctcgtcgtcc
aaaaacgaccttgctgggctgtactggtatatcgcacagtctgacagatccatgtgcgca
tttatggtctcccatatccactcctgcggttgcttcccaagagatatcaacgagttttca
aacttggaaattaaagccttcatcgagcttttgatgaaatttgttggttccaaagacgag
aaatcgtggtctggatag
>g00070 g00070   22026:22346 forward
aaactcgttgatatctcttgggaagcaaccgcaggagtggatatgggagaccataaatgc
gcacatggatctgtcagactgtgcgatataccagtacagcccagcaaggtcgtttttgga
cgacgagcctgggcatctatggagtttgatgtggtttttgttcaacaaaaagaggaaacg
ggttgcgtttttgtatttgaacacattcaggttgaagaatccctcttccgctggaagctc
ggaaagtgttttgatcgaagaagacgaagaagaggagaagaatggacccttgaaaaaatt
gagaagaaagttgactattga
>g00071c g00071c   22162:22530 reverse
atatactctatgatcataaatgtagtaagagacaagacaatacagaaaaggaacgcaggg
gagcgttgtccttaccggttgtcagctttcgtcatccatagaatcatcgtcgtcgtcgat
ggcattttcgtcgcccgaattgtgggtcaaatcgtactcgccttcaaagtcattggtctc
atggtcaatagtcaactttcttctcaattttttcaagggtccattcttctcctcttcttc
gtcttcttcgatcaaaacactttccgagcttccagcggaagagggattcttcaacctgaa
tgtgttcaaatacaaaaacgcaacccgtttcctctttttgttgaacaaaaaccacatcaa
actccatag
>g00072c g00072c   22656:23129 reverse
agacgaggattactccctcgttgcacaagtcacctcctacatgaatcgtctgcgacatgc
taccccgttcagcaatgcccccagggcaaactctccgtcctctttacggaagggcaacat
gtcggcatcgatgtttacgaaaaagaggaaaatagatacaaaagtgcccaacctgggact
gacgtgggcaaaccatgtcaccacaagaatactgttccaaaagagctacaaggcctcccc
gatgatcaagagcggcgagttcgacctcaacaaggtgaccgacacaagtttgttttggca
ggccagaagaaccatgaagctgatcttttcaacctttgccaaaccagaccagatgcagta
catgatcaccacaaggggcatagagtccatagaagaacagtgaaacaggagagagaaaaa
tcgcatggccaaccgaatattcttgcatgtatgtatatgtatttagagcaatag
>g00073c g00073c   22727:24124 reverse
ctccagtcgcgttgtatggacctgtatgaccagcttcccaccagctctcttgtccacttt
cccgagttcttgcctttgctcgaagctgcaaggaacaactgcgtttctgtcttggaattc
ctcactctggacccatcggacctagcaaagctcgtgcccaggtccacaaacgatatcgcc
aagttccaacaccttttgaaacgagagtatcgtgcccatctctcaacaacccgcacctgc
catgtgcctctgagcttcaccaccggtgacgctgaaatggaccggctgctgggcggcggt
gtctttacgggcaacatcacagaggtatttggcgagagctccacgggcaaatcacaattc
ctcatgcagctgtcgctgtctgtgcagcttcctcgatcccagggtggtttgcagggcaaa
tgcgtgtttgtcaccaccgagggcgatctgcccactcagagactggacgagatgatccgt
tccagaagagatctgtttggcgactcggcgctggtttctcaggacaacatctactgtgtg
agttgcaacgacctggacaaccaggagcatattttgaacgtccagctgcccatcctgctt
gagaggaacaacgacgtcaagctggttatcgtcgattccatatcacaccatttgcgcgtg
gagctggaaaccaagtccctgaagaactcccaggacaaccgtttctacattgacaggatg
gctcagaacctgttgaagctcgcaaacgagcattctgtggctgttgttgttgcaaaccag
gtcgccgacaagcctctggcccccgagagctcctctaccgtgcgtcacggcattatggat
tacgattaccagttgggctggattgtgggctggaaggattcgagtatttactatcgacac
gtctgtgccgatcctgccgctggttccatcaccacctctgctcatatgaaaaaggtttcc
cacggccctgccagccgtgacgacatcctatctgaagacgaggattactccctcgttgca
caagtcacctcctacatgaatcgtctgcgacatgctaccccgttcagcaatgcccccagg
gcaaactctccgtcctctttacggaagggcaacatgtcggcatcgatgtttacgaaaaag
aggaaaatagatacaaaagtgcccaacctgggactgacgtgggcaaaccatgtcaccaca
agaatactgttccaaaagagctacaaggcctccccgatgatcaagagcggcgagttcgac
ctcaacaaggtgaccgacacaagtttgttttggcaggccagaagaaccatgaagctgatc
ttttcaacctttgccaaaccagaccagatgcagtacatgatcaccacaaggggcatagag
tccatagaagaacagtga
>g00074 g00074   23138:23482 forward
gatgtcgtcacggctggcagggccgtgggaaacctttttcatatgagcagaggtggtgat
ggaaccagcggcaggatcggcacagacgtgtcgatagtaaatactcgaatccttccagcc
cacaatccagcccaactggtaatcgtaatccataatgccgtgacgcacggtagaggagct
ctcgggggccagaggcttgtcggcgacctggtttgcaacaacaacagccacagaatgctc
gtttgcgagcttcaacaggttctgagccatcctgtcaatgtagaaacggttgtcctggga
gttcttcagggacttggtttccagctccacgcgcaaatggtgtga
>g00075c g00075c   23523:23849 reverse
aatggaccggctgctgggcggcggtgtctttacgggcaacatcacagaggtatttggcga
gagctccacgggcaaatcacaattcctcatgcagctgtcgctgtctgtgcagcttcctcg
atcccagggtggtttgcagggcaaatgcgtgtttgtcaccaccgagggcgatctgcccac
tcagagactggacgagatgatccgttccagaagagatctgtttggcgactcggcgctggt
ttctcaggacaacatctactgtgtgagttgcaacgacctggacaaccaggagcatatttt
gaacgtccagctgcccatcctgcttga
>g00076 g00076   23670:24128 forward
gtgggcagatcgccctcggtggtgacaaacacgcatttgccctgcaaaccaccctgggat
cgaggaagctgcacagacagcgacagctgcatgaggaattgtgatttgcccgtggagctc
tcgccaaatacctctgtgatgttgcccgtaaagacaccgccgcccagcagccggtccatt
tcagcgtcaccggtggtgaagctcagaggcacatggcaggtgcgggttgttgagagatgg
gcacgatactctcgtttcaaaaggtgttggaacttggcgatatcgtttgtggacctgggc
acgagctttgctaggtccgatgggtccagagtgaggaattccaagacagaaacgcagttg
ttccttgcagcttcgagcaaaggcaagaactcgggaaagtggacaagagagctggtggga
agctggtcatacaggtccatacaacgcgactggagttaa
>g00077c g00077c   24367:26019 reverse
tctcgtttcccgcgcgggaaaccagcttgtccgttgatagcaacaagacagccaccagca
aaaactcctgtctggacctgtgtatatataaaagcgcaaccctgctgcttgctactccct
ttcctctcgcctccaccgtctccatcgtttcttcctccaatccacatgccctccttccct
tcccctgtctttgctaaccaagaccttgttaggtccgctgcctatatcaacggccaatgg
gtctctgaggccccatcctccttccaggtcacagaccctgcctccggtgaggtcattgca
accctcccagaacaacctgttgaggtcgtcgaccaagccatcgacgccgcctattctgct
tttgcctcctacaaacacacctcgccaaggcagagagcccaatggctgcgtaacctgtac
aacctcatgatccaaaaccaagaagaccttgctaagctcatcacctgggaaaatggcaag
gccttgtccgaatccctcggcgagatcaagtacgctgcttcctactttgaatggtacgca
gaagaggccccccgtatctacggaaccaccatccagccctccaaccccaccaacagagcc
ttcaccatcaggcagcccgtcggtgtctgcggtatcatctgtccctggaacttccccagc
gcaatgatcaccagaaaggccggcgctgccctcgctgccggctgcaccgtggttgtcaag
ccggactcccaaacccctctgtctgcgctggctttggcccacctggtcgagctggccggc
ttccctcctggcgtgttcaacgtcgtgctctcccacaccaacacccctgctttcggcctc
aagctgtgcgagtccccgcgggtgaagaagatctccttcacgggctccaccgccgtgggc
aagatcctcatgaaacaatccgcctccactttgaagaaactctcgtttgagctcggtggt
aacgccccggtcatcgtgttccaagatgcagacctcaaagtcgccgtggaccaagccctt
gcttccaagttcagaggcctgggccaaacctgcgtatgtgccaaccgactatacgtgcac
tcctccatcatcgacgagttctctgccagtctggcagaaaagacccgcagctttgtcctc
ggccacggcctccagccagacgccacccacggctgtctgatcaactccaacgccgtggaa
aaggttgagctccacgtcaaagatgccgtcgccaagggtgcaaaggtcctcgttgctggc
ggccgtcgcccagatctcggctccaacttctacttcccaaccgtcctcacaaacgtgccc
cagtcggcaaaggtagcctcggaggaaacctttggtcctctgtgcgccatcatccccttc
gacactttggaacaggtggtctcctacgccaacgacaccagcctggggcttgcctcctac
gtgttttccaaaaacatcgacacaatctacaccgttgccgaagccttggaatccggtatg
gtttcttgtaacaccggcctgttcagcgactgtgccatcccatttggcggtgtcaaggag
tctggtttcggcagagagggctccctacacggtatcgaagactacaccgtgataaagacc
atcaccatcggtggcttgcccaacagcctgtag
>g00078 g00078   24436:24951 forward
ggagccctctctgccgaaaccagactccttgacaccgccaaatgggatggcacagtcgct
gaacaggccggtgttacaagaaaccataccggattccaaggcttcggcaacggtgtagat
tgtgtcgatgtttttggaaaacacgtaggaggcaagccccaggctggtgtcgttggcgta
ggagaccacctgttccaaagtgtcgaaggggatgatggcgcacagaggaccaaaggtttc
ctccgaggctacctttgccgactggggcacgtttgtgaggacggttgggaagtagaagtt
ggagccgagatctgggcgacggccgccagcaacgaggacctttgcacccttggcgacggc
atctttgacgtggagctcaaccttttccacggcgttggagttgatcagacagccgtgggt
ggcgtctggctggaggccgtggccgaggacaaagctgcgggtcttttctgccagactggc
agagaactcgtcgatgatggaggagtgcacgtatag
>g00079c g00079c   24509:24811 reverse
gctccacgtcaaagatgccgtcgccaagggtgcaaaggtcctcgttgctggcggccgtcg
cccagatctcggctccaacttctacttcccaaccgtcctcacaaacgtgccccagtcggc
aaaggtagcctcggaggaaacctttggtcctctgtgcgccatcatccccttcgacacttt
ggaacaggtggtctcctacgccaacgacaccagcctggggcttgcctcctacgtgttttc
caaaaacatcgacacaatctacaccgttgccgaagccttggaatccggtatggtttcttg
taa
>g00080 g00080   24731:25462 forward
aagttggagccgagatctgggcgacggccgccagcaacgaggacctttgcacccttggcg
acggcatctttgacgtggagctcaaccttttccacggcgttggagttgatcagacagccg
tgggtggcgtctggctggaggccgtggccgaggacaaagctgcgggtcttttctgccaga
ctggcagagaactcgtcgatgatggaggagtgcacgtatagtcggttggcacatacgcag
gtttggcccaggcctctgaacttggaagcaagggcttggtccacggcgactttgaggtct
gcatcttggaacacgatgaccggggcgttaccaccgagctcaaacgagagtttcttcaaa
gtggaggcggattgtttcatgaggatcttgcccacggcggtggagcccgtgaaggagatc
ttcttcacccgcggggactcgcacagcttgaggccgaaagcaggggtgttggtgtgggag
agcacgacgttgaacacgccaggagggaagccggccagctcgaccaggtgggccaaagcc
agcgcagacagaggggtttgggagtccggcttgacaaccacggtgcagccggcagcgagg
gcagcgccggcctttctggtgatcattgcgctggggaagttccagggacagatgataccg
cagacaccgacgggctgcctgatggtgaaggctctgttggtggggttggagggctggatg
gtggttccgtag
>g00081 g00081   24952:25908 forward
tcggttggcacatacgcaggtttggcccaggcctctgaacttggaagcaagggcttggtc
cacggcgactttgaggtctgcatcttggaacacgatgaccggggcgttaccaccgagctc
aaacgagagtttcttcaaagtggaggcggattgtttcatgaggatcttgcccacggcggt
ggagcccgtgaaggagatcttcttcacccgcggggactcgcacagcttgaggccgaaagc
aggggtgttggtgtgggagagcacgacgttgaacacgccaggagggaagccggccagctc
gaccaggtgggccaaagccagcgcagacagaggggtttgggagtccggcttgacaaccac
ggtgcagccggcagcgagggcagcgccggcctttctggtgatcattgcgctggggaagtt
ccagggacagatgataccgcagacaccgacgggctgcctgatggtgaaggctctgttggt
ggggttggagggctggatggtggttccgtagatacggggggcctcttctgcgtaccattc
aaagtaggaagcagcgtacttgatctcgccgagggattcggacaaggccttgccattttc
ccaggtgatgagcttagcaaggtcttcttggttttggatcatgaggttgtacaggttacg
cagccattgggctctctgccttggcgaggtgtgtttgtaggaggcaaaagcagaataggc
ggcgtcgatggcttggtcgacgacctcaacaggttgttctgggagggttgcaatgacctc
accggaggcagggtctgtgacctggaaggaggatggggcctcagagacccattggccgtt
gatataggcagcggacctaacaaggtcttggttagcaaagacaggggaagggaaggaggg
catgtggattggaggaagaaacgatggagacggtggaggcgagaggaaagggagtag
>g00082c g00082c   25070:25489 reverse
atggtacgcagaagaggccccccgtatctacggaaccaccatccagccctccaaccccac
caacagagccttcaccatcaggcagcccgtcggtgtctgcggtatcatctgtccctggaa
cttccccagcgcaatgatcaccagaaaggccggcgctgccctcgctgccggctgcaccgt
ggttgtcaagccggactcccaaacccctctgtctgcgctggctttggcccacctggtcga
gctggccggcttccctcctggcgtgttcaacgtcgtgctctcccacaccaacacccctgc
tttcggcctcaagctgtgcgagtccccgcgggtgaagaagatctccttcacgggctccac
cgccgtgggcaagatcctcatgaaacaatccgcctccactttgaagaaactctcgtttga
>g00083c g00083c   25590:25928 reverse
aagcgcaaccctgctgcttgctactccctttcctctcgcctccaccgtctccatcgtttc
ttcctccaatccacatgccctccttcccttcccctgtctttgctaaccaagaccttgtta
ggtccgctgcctatatcaacggccaatgggtctctgaggccccatcctccttccaggtca
cagaccctgcctccggtgaggtcattgcaaccctcccagaacaacctgttgaggtcgtcg
accaagccatcgacgccgcctattctgcttttgcctcctacaaacacacctcgccaaggc
agagagcccaatggctgcgtaacctgtacaacctcatga
>g00084 g00084   25827:26336 forward
caaagacaggggaagggaaggagggcatgtggattggaggaagaaacgatggagacggtg
gaggcgagaggaaagggagtagcaagcagcagggttgcgcttttatatatacacaggtcc
agacaggagtttttgctggtggctgtcttgttgctatcaacggacaagctggtttcccgc
gcgggaaacgagattaagagagatagtcaagtcggacgaggaaatcaagaagagcggtgg
acagcagcagagggcggcggaacagacggtcttgtgaattggatggaggaggaggaggag
gaggaggaggaagtggaagtggaagtggaggttgtcaacggcgaggcagacgtctgttgt
gggtgtatgtccggtggactgcgcggaccagccgtggccgcagcagcaggcatggcgacc
gtggtcgaggtgtttggggccgagggatggaacttgccttcgttgtcgaaataccctgcg
tcgttctcgttgagacgctccgagtattga
>g00085c g00085c   25983:26390 reverse
ttacggccagtcccagagacaatacaacaatcctatagacgagaaccctgtgcctcaata
ctcggagcgtctcaacgagaacgacgcagggtatttcgacaacgaaggcaagttccatcc
ctcggccccaaacacctcgaccacggtcgccatgcctgctgctgcggccacggctggtcc
gcgcagtccaccggacatacacccacaacagacgtctgcctcgccgttgacaacctccac
ttccacttccacttcctcctcctcctcctcctcctcctccatccaattcacaagaccgtc
tgttccgccgccctctgctgctgtccaccgctcttcttgatttcctcgtccgacttgact
atctctcttaatctcgtttcccgcgcgggaaaccagcttgtccgttga
>g00086 g00086   26033:26632 forward
tcaagtcggacgaggaaatcaagaagagcggtggacagcagcagagggcggcggaacaga
cggtcttgtgaattggatggaggaggaggaggaggaggaggaggaagtggaagtggaagt
ggaggttgtcaacggcgaggcagacgtctgttgtgggtgtatgtccggtggactgcgcgg
accagccgtggccgcagcagcaggcatggcgaccgtggtcgaggtgtttggggccgaggg
atggaacttgccttcgttgtcgaaataccctgcgtcgttctcgttgagacgctccgagta
ttgaggcacagggttctcgtctataggattgttgtattgtctctgggactggccgtaact
aggtggaggagcgagccacgaggtgccgacgatggggtttctgccacgtttccttctcca
ggagtttgccaggaagatgttgaagaggatgaacgcgatgcagaggatgaacaggagcca
acggccccattcccagcttgtggtggagtacatgtctggagggagaaaaaggttgttagt
aggaggagaagagggagggaggcgagaagggacggggagaatgagacatacctcttttaa
>g00087c g00087c   26051:26728 reverse
gccttttctcctgctttgcctcatcaccgaccgctgctcgttcaccaaccacccacttca
tcgctgctcacacactcgcaatgcctcccgccatccttaaaagaggtatgtctcattctc
cccgtcccttctcgcctccctccctcttctcctcctactaacaacctttttctccctcca
gacatgtactccaccacaagctgggaatggggccgttggctcctgttcatcctctgcatc
gcgttcatcctcttcaacatcttcctggcaaactcctggagaaggaaacgtggcagaaac
cccatcgtcggcacctcgtggctcgctcctccacctagttacggccagtcccagagacaa
tacaacaatcctatagacgagaaccctgtgcctcaatactcggagcgtctcaacgagaac
gacgcagggtatttcgacaacgaaggcaagttccatccctcggccccaaacacctcgacc
acggtcgccatgcctgctgctgcggccacggctggtccgcgcagtccaccggacatacac
ccacaacagacgtctgcctcgccgttgacaacctccacttccacttccacttcctcctcc
tcctcctcctcctcctccatccaattcacaagaccgtctgttccgccgccctctgctgct
gtccaccgctcttcttga
>g00088 g00088   26662:27054 forward
gcagcgatgaagtgggtggttggtgaacgagcagcggtcggtgatgaggcaaagcaggag
aaaaggcttattggcaatggcaatggcaatggcagccttcgagcacgtgacacgtgtgcc
acacgtgtcacgctagtcgtacacggtgaccggcggtgttacgtatgcaacgagttaaat
gagtcaatatacctatgtacgagagtacgtcacgtgatgatctctcagagtcgtcgttgt
tgccaacatcctggatgtttgagacttctggcactcggggtatctgagcatgaacacgag
cacgagcatcaacgcgagggacgagtgtatcgttccgttgagcttgtgcgcctctaccgg
tgcgtcgatggttgtattcggcgtcagctttga
>g00089c g00089c   26789:27178 reverse
gccgcgtcaactcattacgcacgtatcccgccacgctgtatatcacggaagacgatactt
cgagttatcgccgggaatactgcgccgcccggcaagccgccctgcaagccgctgctcgtt
ccgttcaaagctgacgccgaatacaaccatcgacgcaccggtagaggcgcacaagctcaa
cggaacgatacactcgtccctcgcgttgatgctcgtgctcgtgttcatgctcagataccc
cgagtgccagaagtctcaaacatccaggatgttggcaacaacgacgactctgagagatca
tcacgtgacgtactctcgtacataggtatattgactcatttaactcgttgcatacgtaac
accgccggtcaccgtgtacgactagcgtga
>g00090c g00090c   26854:27237 reverse
gttagtttcgataaatcacgtgacccggtaccctcaccgttaccagacgttcataatgag
ccgcgtcaactcattacgcacgtatcccgccacgctgtatatcacggaagacgatacttc
gagttatcgccgggaatactgcgccgcccggcaagccgccctgcaagccgctgctcgttc
cgttcaaagctgacgccgaatacaaccatcgacgcaccggtagaggcgcacaagctcaac
ggaacgatacactcgtccctcgcgttgatgctcgtgctcgtgttcatgctcagatacccc
gagtgccagaagtctcaaacatccaggatgttggcaacaacgacgactctgagagatcat
cacgtgacgtactctcgtacatag
>g00091c g00091c   27045:27488 reverse
cgatggacacaaaacccggctagtccagagcgagcagttcacaggcctgcttgtctatgc
tctcaagtactcccttcgcgacaccccaaaggactttgctgccctgaacgtcgcgctcaa
agaaacttgcgagaaataagacagcgtccggtcaaggtacttggcaccggtacgtgctgg
gccagccaagtgacttcgatgcgattgtttcgtggcacgtatttcgtaaatcttaataca
tcgcgatataggttagtttcgataaatcacgtgacccggtaccctcaccgttaccagacg
ttcataatgagccgcgtcaactcattacgcacgtatcccgccacgctgtatatcacggaa
gacgatacttcgagttatcgccgggaatactgcgccgcccggcaagccgccctgcaagcc
gctgctcgttccgttcaaagctga
>g00092c g00092c   27350:27829 reverse
ctcactgtggcaatttcttcggcttcgaacatgcactcaatctcaacggaaatagaaata
aattgtgccccatcacaagtgcgggcaaccctgctcgattttgacaaccaccctcactgg
aacccttttttcaagtcaattcgggtattgaggggcaattcctccgatatcaagcccggc
gatcagctcgaggttgtcatgcagagtaacggtggaggcagcccgatgactttcaagcca
actgttcttcgcaacgacgctgaggggttcgagtggaggggtaacctgtggagcgattgg
cttttcgcaggcaaacactccttcacgttcatcgaccttgacgatggacacaaaacccgg
ctagtccagagcgagcagttcacaggcctgcttgtctatgctctcaagtactcccttcgc
gacaccccaaaggactttgctgccctgaacgtcgcgctcaaagaaacttgcgagaaataa
>g00093 g00093   28379:29188 forward
ctcaacttgccaagaaatcagtgggattcgctcgtcatgcacggccggtcctcgaggata
tttgagactgatgcagttcaaagtgttgtacctctgacactctgggaagctctgtgtttt
gcaagcaagttacatgcaatggttgagaaagaagacgccaaggaacacctagtgccctct
gatacggagccccaggtgggatctcagccggttttgccaagagatgttttctcaaacgag
ttcaccttttttctgtatttcctagtgcgagacccctttttttgggtctctctggtgctc
tttgggacatgtctgtcttttggaataataacgttaagaacatactctgtattctggcca
gtactcttcttcatggcttcattctttttcggtagtgcgtcatttggtgcgatagcgggg
gtggcaagtcatggcatatccaaacatcttgagctagaacaagaaatacggtttctaatt
gaaatcggagatgtgaagcctggcataaacatcctacagtgggacatcgtggcaagcagg
atgaacgattacctctttgaaactgggcactatttcggaaagtatgcattctacgacggt
cgacactgttgcaacgaattcaaggaaaagtacctgctacctcgcaaggatgcattcgat
gtgacgcctttaaacgattcagttcacggtgagaacggtggcttcgactactttaaaagg
caggtttcaaaggattactacgactcgttcgatgaacacttggcgaaagttcacgaagag
agtctcaaatcccgctgtgcagaagtataa
>g00094 g00094   29399:29794 forward
atactattagataatgccacatctgcgtggtactcgaaggtgttcaaccccctcaaagat
caattattacaaacaggagttggatcagcgcttggccgtgggcgaaggcgactgcggacg
ggcgaaaccgtagatcccgtcagagacgttcggaggaggcccagaaggccgctggtagtt
gctgtgcgagctgggggtgctgtcgtagaccacggcaggtggaggttgcttaggcggtat
cactggatggaaagcaccttggcgatcgtagtagccggcatcacgggcggtgtcagcacg
ggcggtgtactccgggaccggagcgttgccgtctgtggcaggcggtggcggtggtggtgg
tgcaccaccatcactcgtgcggtactgctgctgtga
>g00095c g00095c   29483:30145 reverse
gccctcaagccctgtaacccagtatccgttccttcgtcccttaaaggcgtacatatatat
atatatatatatatacgtgcacacgtaaatgatgtacacttggctgcctgtggtttctcg
atattacacactcacactcacactcacactcacatgcctgttgtcccgactggtttacaa
aaacgttacatttattattccaccggatggaaatggccttttatcttggtgattctggct
cctatcctgttcgtcatcgccaccattctactgtccaatttcaggcgtcgcaaaagaggc
cagagtcccatcaagggaactggctggctggctcctcctccgtacgtggtttcacagcag
cagtaccgcacgagtgatggtggtgcaccaccaccaccgccaccgcctgccacagacggc
aacgctccggtcccggagtacaccgcccgtgctgacaccgcccgtgatgccggctactac
gatcgccaaggtgctttccatccagtgataccgcctaagcaacctccacctgccgtggtc
tacgacagcacccccagctcgcacagcaactaccagcggccttctgggcctcctccgaac
gtctctgacgggatctacggtttcgcccgtccgcagtcgccttcgcccacggccaagcgc
tga
>g00096 g00096   30023:30631 forward
tatcgagaaaccacaggcagccaagtgtacatcatttacgtgtgcacgtatatatatata
tatatatatatgtacgcctttaagggacgaaggaacggatactgggttacagggcttgag
ggcttagccgttcggttttccgcagcgaacagcgcaagaatggcttttcctcaagaaagc
ccctcctcgtcgggcgcagctttggacagggagaaaagccgtgtttttgctatggctgaa
aaaagggtgttgcggacaaatgactgttatatgtggtgcgtgggtgttgagagggtgccg
acgcttggcgttccagagaagccgtctacgttcatggcgatgccatcggtgtatggcgaa
aaggtcagcaacgtcggtcaaggtgcttcaggcactgtaaaaccatatagactttttgac
tgtttgcgtgtgcatcgtgcgatgtgcaacgagaaacagtttacatacaaccctcaaggc
tgcaaaggctacgtggagtggtgcagtataccgaaatttacccaagctagcattggcacc
gcgcggcaagaacgcgatgccgccaagaaactacgtcaacgttcacaactgtatgaacat
gtcgtatga
>g00097c g00097c   30687:31025 reverse
acctcgctgttcaagaccgtaccaaagagcaccagagagacccaaaaaacggggcttcga
actagaaaacacagaaaaaaggtgaaactgtttaaaaagacatctcttggtaaaaccggc
cgaggctctacaccaggtgctgtttcacaagatactaggcgttcctcaggctctttgtgc
ttgccaaagcccttatgctttccaagatcctcgcgctccgccatatttcgcagactggct
gtagagtacaacttcccggagtgtcagacacgcacaacgagtttatcccattcctttttt
ttttttttaaactacgaaagacagggtaaaagccaatga
>g00098 g00098   31396:31983 forward
ttatactatacacagatgtatgtgccaagcgcggtgtttaaaagagatccggaagagtgc
tggggcatgaactgtgtttcggagtgggcgtgggctcgatggattttactcgtattcttt
ctggtggcgtttggtgcgttggtgttcatagctatcaggatcaacatgaggaggtcactc
aggggccagagtatgatcagaggtaccggttggtttacgcctccgagttatcggcagtca
gagagacagtacaacgggggtgcggggagtgctggccgccgagaagaagagtacgtgccg
gtgtatacagagagggccaacgagcaggatcttgggtactacgacaacgacggtgtgttc
cacgtgaacagcaaggcagagccgatgcctccgcctccggggatcgatgcagtgccggcg
cctgcgcccacgtaccatgcgttgtcgcaggagggtgactatgacatggagttgcgccaa
tactacgggggcacgcagcttgcacagactgtacagactgcaccggctgctcaagctgct
cagactgtgcagcccgagcagcccgccagggtccacgcccgtggttga
>g00099 g00099   31437:31853 forward
aagagatccggaagagtgctggggcatgaactgtgtttcggagtgggcgtgggctcgatg
gattttactcgtattctttctggtggcgtttggtgcgttggtgttcatagctatcaggat
caacatgaggaggtcactcaggggccagagtatgatcagaggtaccggttggtttacgcc
tccgagttatcggcagtcagagagacagtacaacgggggtgcggggagtgctggccgccg
agaagaagagtacgtgccggtgtatacagagagggccaacgagcaggatcttgggtacta
cgacaacgacggtgtgttccacgtgaacagcaaggcagagccgatgcctccgcctccggg
gatcgatgcagtgccggcgcctgcgcccacgtaccatgcgttgtcgcaggagggtga
>g00100c g00100c   31610:32131 reverse
gatgcgcattgtacacatccaccggagtacggccctagttgcacaagtacatacatgcaa
gtaatatttatttcggctcgagcacatgtatgtgttctgggtcatggaatattggcaaga
cggaggattctaacggtgtgcacatcggtcaaccacgggcgtggaccctggcgggctgct
cgggctgcacagtctgagcagcttgagcagccggtgcagtctgtacagtctgtgcaagct
gcgtgcccccgtagtattggcgcaactccatgtcatagtcaccctcctgcgacaacgcat
ggtacgtgggcgcaggcgccggcactgcatcgatccccggaggcggaggcatcggctctg
ccttgctgttcacgtggaacacaccgtcgttgtcgtagtacccaagatcctgctcgttgg
ccctctctgtatacaccggcacgtactcttcttctcggcggccagcactccccgcacccc
cgttgtactgtctctctgactgccgataactcggaggcgtaa
>g00101c g00101c   31633:31998 reverse
cggtgtgcacatcggtcaaccacgggcgtggaccctggcgggctgctcgggctgcacagt
ctgagcagcttgagcagccggtgcagtctgtacagtctgtgcaagctgcgtgcccccgta
gtattggcgcaactccatgtcatagtcaccctcctgcgacaacgcatggtacgtgggcgc
aggcgccggcactgcatcgatccccggaggcggaggcatcggctctgccttgctgttcac
gtggaacacaccgtcgttgtcgtagtacccaagatcctgctcgttggccctctctgtata
caccggcacgtactcttcttctcggcggccagcactccccgcacccccgttgtactgtct
ctctga
>g00102 g00102   32549:33217 forward
gactgctgtacttcaattgttgtacttcagctgttgtgcttcaactgctgcactctcgac
actttgagaaattctgcgttttacaaccggcttgcaaagaatggtagatcacgaagatgt
cagggaacacaacaacgtcagggaacacacttgatggcttcccatacagagcattctggg
gccgaacctcaaccgattttgccaagagatgtcttctcaaacgggctcatcttatttctg
tatttcctagttcgaagctcccttttttgggtctctctggtgctctttggcacatccttg
ttttttgcaataacagcaagttgtcaggccttggctgcactctccgttgtgactggcata
ctttttgccttttcgttacctattatagcgactcaggtttcagggatttgtgtatccagg
ggttttgggctagaacaaaaaacgcgattcctggttgaaatcagagatataaatcccggt
atgaatatgccaaagtgggacatcgtggcaagcaggatgaacgattaccttttcgaagcc
aagtactatcgaaacaagtatgcattgtacgatgggaaaagctgtcttgatggattcaag
gaggtgtacctgctacctcgcaaagatgtattcgacgtaacacctttgaatgattcaggt
ccacggtga
>g00103 g00103   32656:33006 forward
atcacgaagatgtcagggaacacaacaacgtcagggaacacacttgatggcttcccatac
agagcattctggggccgaacctcaaccgattttgccaagagatgtcttctcaaacgggct
catcttatttctgtatttcctagttcgaagctcccttttttgggtctctctggtgctctt
tggcacatccttgttttttgcaataacagcaagttgtcaggccttggctgcactctccgt
tgtgactggcatactttttgccttttcgttacctattatagcgactcaggtttcagggat
ttgtgtatccaggggttttgggctagaacaaaaaacgcgattcctggttga
>g00104c g00104c   33410:33901 reverse
ccacgtctgagcggtgctagtacaccacacacgcctgttgctcgaatactctgctttggc
acccgacggatcatgccatatgtatcgtgtacaatgtattcaacagtgtttatccaagaa
tttgcacccagactatcaatgtgcaaatgcgtgtttgtctttcactggcttaagcacccg
ttccacatattacacattgatgtaatctcaacggaccatttaaatcaccaccaatgctac
aaagttaaaactaagttgaaaccagattataaaatcatgcactcacgccatatactcatt
ttttgcaacctatcacctagccctggtcgggtggaaaccagtccaccaccacgccaaagg
ctggggcaaatacagaggcagagctcagcagacagtttggtgtgcacagaatcgtgccag
gaacactttgtgcatggctattattacctatcagatggatacacgttgacggtgtgcatt
cgaattcgttag
>g00105c g00105c   33902:34714 reverse
ctcaacttgccaagaaatcagtgggattcgctcgtcatgcacggccggtcctcgaggata
tttgagactgatgcagttcaaagtgttgtacctctgacactctgggaagctctgtgtttt
gcaagcaagttacatgcaatggttgagaaagaagacgccaaggaacacctagtgccctct
gatacggagccccaggtgggatctcagccggttttgccaagagatgttttctcaaacgag
ttcaccttttttctgtatttcctagttcgaagcccctttttttgggtctctctggtgctc
tttggtacgttcttgttttttgcaataacagcaagttctgaaggctggactgcaatctgc
gttctgctctccatctttactggcatagcttctgttgtctcgttcgttctggtggcacga
cagctgtcagacgttgaagtatccaggggttttgagctagaacaaagcgtgcaatttctg
tttgaagtcagagatgtaaagcctggcatgaggacagtaaagtgggacatcgtggcaagc
agaatgaacgattaccttttcgaaaccaagtactatccccacaggtatgcattctacgat
gggaaaagctgtcttgatggattcaagaaggtgtacttgttgcctcgcgaggaggcgttc
gatgcagcacgtttgagtgattcagctcacggtggaaacagtgcgtatagctactttaaa
aggcaggtgtcaaaggaatactatgagtctgtcgacgagcaagtgacggaagtgtgtgaa
gaaaggtccgaatcccgctgtgcagaggtataa
>g00106 g00106   34164:34511 forward
tcgttcattctgcttgccacgatgtcccactttactgtcctcatgccaggctttacatct
ctgacttcaaacagaaattgcacgctttgttctagctcaaaacccctggatacttcaacg
tctgacagctgtcgtgccaccagaacgaacgagacaacagaagctatgccagtaaagatg
gagagcagaacgcagattgcagtccagccttcagaacttgctgttattgcaaaaaacaag
aacgtaccaaagagcaccagagagacccaaaaaaaggggcttcgaactaggaaatacaga
aaaaaggtgaactcgtttgagaaaacatctcttggcaaaaccggctga
>g00107c g00107c   34960:35385 reverse
tactgcgaggacagagtctcgaatcaacagagcaggagaacacctcagagaaacttcgac
agacgttggagactctcggaattgttggcagctgttagctgtttcatactttcactaata
gggatagttccatcgtgctacataacctttcaacggagcacatgcatcctaataggaata
gcatctgtagtcttcataattacctacggcgatcaaggggaacgtacagcaagtatgaaa
ttgttcatgggaggggcagtattggctttgctgattgatttagtggcctgctggtatcgg
ttttttggtgatatcgaacgtgcagacaccacgtacttagcctcgacaaccattggctgc
ttagctctgcttatcgtacttgcgttaagaatctggaaaataaacagtatccagaacaaa
agctaa
>g00108c g00108c   35268:35570 reverse
agggactgggaaagccttcgcttcacaatctgcatactcaatccccaaagacacttgggg
atgcaatggaattcgcgcaccaggttgaatattagagccactggggaaaatcgggtatgc
caacactcgaatcaccaagtgacgagtactacgctcgcgaagcccatgcatttaggacca
cgtaatactgcgaggacagagtctcgaatcaacagagcaggagaacacctcagagaaact
tcgacagacgttggagactctcggaattgttggcagctgttagctgtttcatactttcac
taa
>g00109 g00109   36526:37764 forward
ttagatgatttaattctaacaaaagacatctacaatttaatggcaacatcacacgcaaaa
agaccaacttttaggaaaataatacagtcactaccgtgtcttgaccttgtgcttccgttc
accatagtgcttgcgatggcgattggaatcttggtatccaaatattctccttcttcccgt
gatgtttttagtccatcgcattctggtagctgggttggcgtgtctattcccttagcactg
ggtatgataattatgatgctaccaccgttatgcgagatagaatgggaatcattgcccatc
tacattcgaaagcgtatgttcataagacacgtgttgtactctgtcatcttgaactgggtt
gtttgcccccttttgatgtttggattgtcctggatggctctcttcaaccatgatgaatac
cgcgaaggggtcattatgattggcctggcaagatgcatcgcaatggtattgatttggaac
aagataagtgggggtgaccaaaatctttgcgctgttttagtggtcattaactctattctg
cagatggccttgtatgcccctttgcaagtattttactgctacgtgattacaaatgagcct
tacgaacaaaagacggcgttgtacgcgcaggtagcaaagtcggtgggtgtgtttttgggt
gtgccactttcagcagggctactgattaggttcacgttcgtatggttcgttggcaaggag
gtgtttcagaagcgggtgatgccatttattgcaccttgggcgctgctcggatttcactac
actatcattgtaatctttatcagtaagggctacagttttttacaagaaattcagtctgcc
tttctttgcttcattcccttaactctatattttttaatatcgtgggctggttgcttcata
ctgatgaggtttttaaccagtagagatgacaatcgggaagctgcggatgactgcgagtgc
gacaagcaagcattgttaaaggcaaacgtgtttgagaaacgcacatgtggagcagattat
gcagcgactatgacacagtgcttcactgctgcatcgaataatttcgagttgtctttggca
atagctgtttctttgtatggaaacggcagtaaacaggcaatcgcagccacttttggtccg
ttgctcgagattcccattttattatgtctagctctttttgctagatatcttgagcatgct
ttagtttggagaacacccagcagtaatgacgaacattga
>g00110 g00110   38064:38543 forward
acgtgtgcctcttcagttcgaccagtattgccatcatgtagcagtcatcatgaaggaaca
tcagaggaggaccacgatgctattgggagtcgcaaaccagatgttttggggaattgcttt
aacaggaaatacggaattgatttcaagcagctcactatgaatctgtgcctcttgcccaat
gttgacttgaaaacaagtaaacaagaagtagatgagaaatgtgtgggaaagtttgataag
tggctcaatacatcaccttacggaatatgggtcaccaagttcgccgccaaacaaccacac
gccgagtgcaaatacagacactgttgtcaaaagttcaactacgatttgaactcaacttct
tcaaatatcataaagcatttgaaaaggcatcacaaattagattatgacctgttcagcaag
aaatttttgaactcacaccgctctttggcctctttttcgaatgttctttcaccccaatga
>g00111 g00111   38544:38972 forward
aagccgtttccccttagaaaggagcttattgcattttcatggacgtacaaatcaaagctg
agacagctgaatttctttgtggcaaccatagcaccctttagtgcagctgagaccttagat
tccaagaagcttcttactgttgcggatgccagaaatggcaattttgtctattcctgcaag
agtcgggtcagactactgggactataccaccaaggggttgaaatccagttagaggagact
ctaacgccatctgcaagtgtgaatatccctttggatatcaggtcatctgcagacaatcga
agttctctggctgttttagtctcgttctgcccggacatgaaccaaggcacaaacattttg
acaaacacttctgcctcttttccgccaaacatggaatgtctgctgtgggtaatgttagaa
ttattttaa
>g00112 g00112   39111:39746 forward
aattgccgaatcctagtgtactctgtacgtcaactatggaagcccaacgactatgtaatt
tactcgcaagtaaccgaagcacaggcgaacatctggttctgcattccaaggcgtatcgtc
agctgggcaaaccacgtgcaaaccacgtgtaaacctctcagtgcttcgcgtgcttttcac
atcgctcattgctcatcgctcagtacacacctcacatacacacacacacacaccccatgc
gcaacgcctccgacctcaccaaactcaccgccatcttcttcgtcgcaaagtctgtccaat
actccctcctccttctctctccctcctctcccttcgacacctccacccaactcctcctct
cacaactcgctcccaactcatcctcctcctcctcctcctcctcctcccatctctacaaca
agctcctctcctgggatgccgtcttcttcatcaaaaacatgctccaggctccctctcccc
cccagtacgaacacgaatacgccttctctcccctctggtccggcctcgtctcccgcctct
ctcctcccccccacaacctctaccgcctcttgcaatctgccctcctcttgcaactcgccc
tccactacttctctgtcatcctcctctacttcttga
>g00113 g00113   39184:39762 forward
ccgaagcacaggcgaacatctggttctgcattccaaggcgtatcgtcagctgggcaaacc
acgtgcaaaccacgtgtaaacctctcagtgcttcgcgtgcttttcacatcgctcattgct
catcgctcagtacacacctcacatacacacacacacacaccccatgcgcaacgcctccga
cctcaccaaactcaccgccatcttcttcgtcgcaaagtctgtccaatactccctcctcct
tctctctccctcctctcccttcgacacctccacccaactcctcctctcacaactcgctcc
caactcatcctcctcctcctcctcctcctcctcccatctctacaacaagctcctctcctg
ggatgccgtcttcttcatcaaaaacatgctccaggctccctctcccccccagtacgaaca
cgaatacgccttctctcccctctggtccggcctcgtctcccgcctctctcctccccccca
caacctctaccgcctcttgcaatctgccctcctcttgcaactcgccctccactacttctc
tgtcatcctcctctacttcttgactttgcaaacctttaa
>g00114 g00114   39263:40654 forward
acctctcagtgcttcgcgtgcttttcacatcgctcattgctcatcgctcagtacacacct
cacatacacacacacacacaccccatgcgcaacgcctccgacctcaccaaactcaccgcc
atcttcttcgtcgcaaagtctgtccaatactccctcctccttctctctccctcctctccc
ttcgacacctccacccaactcctcctctcacaactcgctcccaactcatcctcctcctcc
tcctcctcctcctcccatctctacaacaagctcctctcctgggatgccgtcttcttcatc
aaaaacatgctccaggctccctctcccccccagtacgaacacgaatacgccttctctccc
ctctggtccggcctcgtctcccgcctctctcctcccccccacaacctctaccgcctcttg
caatctgccctcctcttgcaactcgccctccactacttctctgtcatcctcctctacttc
ttgactttgcaaacctttaaacaaaatatactcaaattccatcgccctcacgacctcgct
ctaaagacctccatcttgttcatcttcacttctgctgctggctttcttacctccatctac
tccgaacctctctcctttgccctcgcctttctcggcatctacgcccgtcaactctccatc
tcttacgacgtgtacggcaacatctcctgccactggctctttctccccgtctacaccctg
ctctccaccgcctgtttctcctttgcctcccttaacaggtccaactgtatcctcttgggc
ctctactacctcttcgactctttcaaccttgcccgctccaagagattcctccagctgttt
ttcttccccctcttgagtggcgccgtgctgggccttgtcttttatcacaaccatttccaa
ctgccctattccatcttttgtccacagaggcgcgagtggtgtttgaaaaaactcttccac
tatccaatcacctaccaatccttctactccttcatccaaaaccgttactggaacgttggt
ctcttgaagtactggaccctcaacaacgttccgaatttcctgtttgccttgccaaacatc
cttctcatttggtattcttccgtctatttttcccaccaatatccatgttccaacttgatc
ccattggtttggatctctagactcctgcttttcatccttgtattattcgcccatgtccaa
atcatcaacagggtcttttcctttgttcccttgcaactttggtatctggccgaccggttg
aacaagactcaaaccgtcaaagccgataaaccacagggcgacgacgcactggtcaaattt
tatgtatactggctgatattttggatccccttacagaccatactatttgcatcttttctg
ccacctgcatag
>g00115c g00115c   39488:39802 reverse
agcgaggtcgtgagggcgatggaatttgagtatattttgtttaaaggtttgcaaagtcaa
gaagtagaggaggatgacagagaagtagtggagggcgagttgcaagaggagggcagattg
caagaggcggtagaggttgtgggggggaggagagaggcgggagacgaggccggaccagag
gggagagaaggcgtattcgtgttcgtactgggggggagagggagcctggagcatgttttt
gatgaagaagacggcatcccaggagaggagcttgttgtagagatgggaggaggaggagga
ggaggaggaggatga
>g00116c g00116c   39803:40444 reverse
tacaaggatgaaaagcaggagtctagagatccaaaccaatgggatcaagttggaacatgg
atattggtgggaaaaatagacggaagaataccaaatgagaaggatgtttggcaaggcaaa
caggaaattcggaacgttgttgagggtccagtacttcaagagaccaacgttccagtaacg
gttttggatgaaggagtagaaggattggtaggtgattggatagtggaagagttttttcaa
acaccactcgcgcctctgtggacaaaagatggaatagggcagttggaaatggttgtgata
aaagacaaggcccagcacggcgccactcaagagggggaagaaaaacagctggaggaatct
cttggagcgggcaaggttgaaagagtcgaagaggtagtagaggcccaagaggatacagtt
ggacctgttaagggaggcaaaggagaaacaggcggtggagagcagggtgtagacggggag
aaagagccagtggcaggagatgttgccgtacacgtcgtaagagatggagagttgacgggc
gtagatgccgagaaaggcgagggcaaaggagagaggttcggagtagatggaggtaagaaa
gccagcagcagaagtgaagatgaacaagatggaggtctttag
>g00117 g00117   39807:40118 forward
agacctccatcttgttcatcttcacttctgctgctggctttcttacctccatctactccg
aacctctctcctttgccctcgcctttctcggcatctacgcccgtcaactctccatctctt
acgacgtgtacggcaacatctcctgccactggctctttctccccgtctacaccctgctct
ccaccgcctgtttctcctttgcctcccttaacaggtccaactgtatcctcttgggcctct
actacctcttcgactctttcaaccttgcccgctccaagagattcctccagctgtttttct
tccccctcttga
>g00118 g00118   40018:40422 forward
caggtccaactgtatcctcttgggcctctactacctcttcgactctttcaaccttgcccg
ctccaagagattcctccagctgtttttcttccccctcttgagtggcgccgtgctgggcct
tgtcttttatcacaaccatttccaactgccctattccatcttttgtccacagaggcgcga
gtggtgtttgaaaaaactcttccactatccaatcacctaccaatccttctactccttcat
ccaaaaccgttactggaacgttggtctcttgaagtactggaccctcaacaacgttccgaa
tttcctgtttgccttgccaaacatccttctcatttggtattcttccgtctatttttccca
ccaatatccatgttccaacttgatcccattggtttggatctctag
>g00119c g00119c   40883:42631 reverse
aaaaatatgaaaaagcttgatacgtgttctgacgtcaacgataggttgaatgcctttgat
aaagttgaaacgtttgagttccaatcggaaccatcttccgaattggtgttccatgctgtg
cccgattctgtagactcctcttccttgacatcctcaccaaggcttggcatcagagtgttg
aacgacgaagacgactgctcggccatcttgaactttaacaaaaagattccacccttggtg
atcggactcaccttcttggcttccatctccggtttcatgttcgggtatgacaccggttac
atctctgccgcattggtctcgttgggtaaagatttggacaacaaatacctgagctatggt
gaaaaggagatcatcaccgccgcaacgtcgttgggggctttgataaccagtcttttcgcc
ggtacccttgccgatatatttggtagaaaacccgtcaccatgagttccaacgtcatgttt
ctgatcggagccatcttacaggcttgcacccgttctttttggcaaatggccgccggtaga
ctgttgatggggtttggtatcgggataggtagcttgctgtcgccactgtttatctcagag
attgctccttccgaatacaggggcagactgaccgttgtgaattcggcatgcatcaccggt
ggtcagctgatagcatatgggattggtgcaggaacatcgaagatcgacaacggttggcgg
atcctggtggccatctctgttgttcctagcatgatccaactgatctctttctactttttc
ccggataccccaaggttttatataatgaacaaccagccggaaagggccaaagacgtgttg
agaaggacttacaagacggcttcagaaggagagatattggccaaagtcgaagagttggaa
tccagccatggcggcgactcgagagatgccggtgtttggcgtacgacgagggatgcggtt
gtgtatctgttcaccacgccctcatgcctaagggcattggtaattgcatgtgggctgcag
gcgatccaacagttttgcggattcaactcactgatgtatttcagttccaccattttcaaa
acggttggttttaccgatgccacttctgtatcgatagtggttgcagcgacgaattttgtg
ttcacgattgttgcatttttcgcaatcgataggattggtagaagaaacattttgtttatc
gggttgccattcatgaccggtgcattggtggtttgtgcaatttcgttccatttccttggg
gtcaagtttaccggcgaggacgccttggtggatggcgacggtactgggacatggggtatc
ataatcatcgttagtatggttgtatttattgcatcgtatgcgttgagcatcggttcagtt
gcgtggcaacagtctgagctattccctcaaagggtgagaggtgttggcacttccatatca
acggcaaccaacttttcaggaactttgataatttctgctacatttttaaccatgttgaaa
aacataacgccaacgggtacatttgcgttgtttgcaggtatcacatttggatctataata
tttgtatatttctgttatccggaactgaccggtttggaattggaagatgtacagcaggtg
ttggcagatggtttcaacatcaaggcttccaaaagattggtacaggaacataagaagcag
actgggtcaagcaggatgttggatttggaaaataacaagcccactactgatatggttact
gtgggatga
>g00120 g00120   41226:41783 forward
gggaatagctcagactgttgccacgcaactgaaccgatgctcaacgcatacgatgcaata
aatacaaccatactaacgatgattatgataccccatgtcccagtaccgtcgccatccacc
aaggcgtcctcgccggtaaacttgaccccaaggaaatggaacgaaattgcacaaaccacc
aatgcaccggtcatgaatggcaacccgataaacaaaatgtttcttctaccaatcctatcg
attgcgaaaaatgcaacaatcgtgaacacaaaattcgtcgctgcaaccactatcgataca
gaagtggcatcggtaaaaccaaccgttttgaaaatggtggaactgaaatacatcagtgag
ttgaatccgcaaaactgttggatcgcctgcagcccacatgcaattaccaatgcccttagg
catgagggcgtggtgaacagatacacaaccgcatccctcgtcgtacgccaaacaccggca
tctctcgagtcgccgccatggctggattccaactcttcgactttggccaatatctctcct
tctgaagccgtcttgtaa
>g00121 g00121   41258:41584 forward
accgatgctcaacgcatacgatgcaataaatacaaccatactaacgatgattatgatacc
ccatgtcccagtaccgtcgccatccaccaaggcgtcctcgccggtaaacttgaccccaag
gaaatggaacgaaattgcacaaaccaccaatgcaccggtcatgaatggcaacccgataaa
caaaatgtttcttctaccaatcctatcgattgcgaaaaatgcaacaatcgtgaacacaaa
attcgtcgctgcaaccactatcgatacagaagtggcatcggtaaaaccaaccgttttgaa
aatggtggaactgaaatacatcagtga
>g00122c g00122c   41460:41882 reverse
catgatccaactgatctctttctactttttcccggataccccaaggttttatataatgaa
caaccagccggaaagggccaaagacgtgttgagaaggacttacaagacggcttcagaagg
agagatattggccaaagtcgaagagttggaatccagccatggcggcgactcgagagatgc
cggtgtttggcgtacgacgagggatgcggttgtgtatctgttcaccacgccctcatgcct
aagggcattggtaattgcatgtgggctgcaggcgatccaacagttttgcggattcaactc
actgatgtatttcagttccaccattttcaaaacggttggttttaccgatgccacttctgt
atcgatagtggttgcagcgacgaattttgtgttcacgattgttgcatttttcgcaatcga
tag
>g00123 g00123   41970:42278 forward
ccaccggtgatgcatgccgaattcacaacggtcagtctgcccctgtattcggaaggagca
atctctgagataaacagtggcgacagcaagctacctatcccgataccaaaccccatcaac
agtctaccggcggccatttgccaaaaagaacgggtgcaagcctgtaagatggctccgatc
agaaacatgacgttggaactcatggtgacgggttttctaccaaatatatcggcaagggta
ccggcgaaaagactggttatcaaagcccccaacgacgttgcggcggtgatgatctccttt
tcaccatag
>g00124 g00124   42137:42478 forward
gatggctccgatcagaaacatgacgttggaactcatggtgacgggttttctaccaaatat
atcggcaagggtaccggcgaaaagactggttatcaaagcccccaacgacgttgcggcggt
gatgatctccttttcaccatagctcaggtatttgttgtccaaatctttacccaacgagac
caatgcggcagagatgtaaccggtgtcatacccgaacatgaaaccggagatggaagccaa
gaaggtgagtccgatcaccaagggtggaatctttttgttaaagttcaagatggccgagca
gtcgtcttcgtcgttcaacactctgatgccaagccttggtga
>g00125 g00125   42821:43375 forward
agaaaagacccccatatggtaagtataagtttccttatatacaaaactgaattatttggt
ctatttcacatgttgcaaaaaaaaaaatcgaaagaaatttctagacaaataagatttttc
ccacagaaatccgcttgcttaccaaattcgcgcagcttcgcgaagaggccttcgagacaa
atctggcggcgccacgggcacagaaacgacgggaaaatggtgaacagaccccatcgatgg
aacaacatgagaatcgttgtttcgttgttacagtattggctgtgcacagctgtggggttt
cgattaatcttttttttttttgtaaatctcgtgtccatacttttgctaagctgggcctcc
ttttttcgaacacacacaacatcttctcacccctttttggtaatggcaccaaaaagggaa
gtgggatattggtgtaaattcttcttggttctatcgaaacttaacgggtttgtctgtttc
aaaagtacccatttccgtttttcccacttgtacatactactttttctccgagttgggtct
ttgtataaacattga
>g00126c g00126c   42886:43206 reverse
gaagatgttgtgtgtgttcgaaaaaaggaggcccagcttagcaaaagtatggacacgaga
tttacaaaaaaaaaaaagattaatcgaaaccccacagctgtgcacagccaatactgtaac
aacgaaacaacgattctcatgttgttccatcgatggggtctgttcaccattttcccgtcg
tttctgtgcccgtggcgccgccagatttgtctcgaaggcctcttcgcgaagctgcgcgaa
tttggtaagcaagcggatttctgtgggaaaaatcttatttgtctagaaatttctttcgat
ttttttttttgcaacatgtga
>g00127c g00127c   42921:43280 reverse
gtttcgatagaaccaagaagaatttacaccaatatcccacttccctttttggtgccatta
ccaaaaaggggtgagaagatgttgtgtgtgttcgaaaaaaggaggcccagcttagcaaaa
gtatggacacgagatttacaaaaaaaaaaaagattaatcgaaaccccacagctgtgcaca
gccaatactgtaacaacgaaacaacgattctcatgttgttccatcgatggggtctgttca
ccattttcccgtcgtttctgtgcccgtggcgccgccagatttgtctcgaaggcctcttcg
cgaagctgcgcgaatttggtaagcaagcggatttctgtgggaaaaatcttatttgtctag
>g00128 g00128   42925:43257 forward
acaaataagatttttcccacagaaatccgcttgcttaccaaattcgcgcagcttcgcgaa
gaggccttcgagacaaatctggcggcgccacgggcacagaaacgacgggaaaatggtgaa
cagaccccatcgatggaacaacatgagaatcgttgtttcgttgttacagtattggctgtg
cacagctgtggggtttcgattaatcttttttttttttgtaaatctcgtgtccatactttt
gctaagctgggcctccttttttcgaacacacacaacatcttctcacccctttttggtaat
ggcaccaaaaagggaagtgggatattggtgtaa
>g00129c g00129c   43207:43602 reverse
agacgaagagtagatgtaaatggatatcgcggcgcaggaaaaacaaaatacacaatggca
ttgaccgacggacgaacagtcgtgttaattttcctggtggtttgtcccttctctctatct
tttttgcaaagtttgttttggataccaaaagagcatttcggtttctatgtgtgtgggtta
gctaaaacttacaaagcgtatccaagagagatgacagggttgtcacgtcaatgtttatac
aaagacccaactcggagaaaaagtagtatgtacaagtgggaaaaacggaaatgggtactt
ttgaaacagacaaacccgttaagtttcgatagaaccaagaagaatttacaccaatatccc
acttccctttttggtgccattaccaaaaaggggtga
>g00130 g00130   43519:43842 forward
cacgactgttcgtccgtcggtcaatgccattgtgtattttgtttttcctgcgccgcgata
tccatttacatctactcttcgtcttcaagaaacgtttctgtacgtttctttcatgccatt
tggcgtttaattaatgcctatccgaatttatttacgtttctagtcttgtaccatactttt
ataagggccaaggcgaataaacgggcaaggttcacaatctactacaaaaaggtgctaggt
gtgtggaaatattgtagttcacctggactagtgaaacccaagtggactattttaagaacc
aaaccaaaaattatgtctttgtag
>g00131 g00131   45151:45462 forward
acaccaaaattccgctctcagtggccatttttccttttcatgattttcttttcttgtttt
aattcaattcttttctcttttttttcaagttggtgctatttacagaaaatatttattgtt
tttatcatcactataagccattgtcgaaagcaacagaatgcttctttctttttttctttt
ttttccattatttccttcttgttagaatgctgttcgtcaaaaattcgagtgcagagcgag
catccgattctggaagagtatcacgcaaatttttcaatgccctatctctatactctgtgg
ctaattctttag
>g00132 g00132   45213:45524 forward
ttcaattcttttctcttttttttcaagttggtgctatttacagaaaatatttattgtttt
tatcatcactataagccattgtcgaaagcaacagaatgcttctttctttttttctttttt
ttccattatttccttcttgttagaatgctgttcgtcaaaaattcgagtgcagagcgagca
tccgattctggaagagtatcacgcaaatttttcaatgccctatctctatactctgtggct
aattctttagtcttgaagacaccaccgaatttttgcactgcttctgccgtcctctcaacg
tctcctggttga
>g00133c g00133c   45338:46972 reverse
agcaactggtcgttcagatcaaccgttcaagcttttaggccatccgaaggcttaagttac
ccggcaccaactgttttggaaatagccaaaggcgaagaaacgaagcaaaaaactttgttg
ggcaggggaccgttgttagattgctatacgcctcgatctgacagccattgccaacgcacc
cttcgcttatacatgttgaggtccgctgctatctctcaggggagaggatacgctgtgctc
cgtgcttccaaatcaactgcaactctcatgcaaatccgtagtaaatcgtcctttgccgcg
gcattgcaaactgccgctagactggttacaccgaatgtgcttctgaacaaccctttatca
cttgtttctaaggagatgaatactctagccaagaatattgtgtcattggtgggctcgggc
catccgactttgaacagagtgacaggttattatttcgaagcggaaggtaagaaggtgcgt
ccgttattagtacttttactttccagagctttgtccgagatcccgatcgaggaaagaaac
aggattaaagtagactatacagacgttcctgaggacccggtgtactccaaacccccgcaa
tcgttattgtttcagcatccggcacgcagtatttctcctttacatattctgcatggcatc
aaaccgttgaatcccttgacaaagggtcccgaaccgcttcctaaggaattcgaccagaag
agaggtattttgcctaaacaaaggagattggcagaaattgtagaaatgattcacactgcg
tctctcctacatgacgacgtcattgatcattctgacgccagaagagggaggcccagcgga
aatgtagcttttacaaacaaaatggctgtattagctggtgactttttgttgggcagagcg
acggtatcaatttcacggctgaggaacccagaggttgttgaattggtgtccaatagtatt
gcaaatttagtcgagggtgaatttatgcaactgaaaaacactgcaattgatccagacttg
gacacaattggaaatggtgctcactctttacctccaccttccacgaaactgatccacccg
gttcatgactatcgtgttccagtaccccaggattctcatattcctcatgaaaaaatgatt
gaaacggcttttgaatattatctccataaaacatatttgaaaaccgcagcattaatctca
aaatcttgtagggcagcagcagttctatctggtgcaaatgaccctgttattgaaaactgt
tatgaattcggcaagaatctgggcatctgctttcagctggtggatgatatgcttgatttc
acggtgtcagctaaggaactggggaagcctgctggtgcagatttggacctcggcattgca
actgcgccggtgctgtatgcctggaaagcggatccatcgctaggtccgttgatacaaaga
aacttttctcaaccaggagacgttgagaggacggcagaagcagtgcaaaaattcggtggt
gtcttcaagactaaagaattagccacagagtatagagatagggcattgaaaaatttgcgt
gatactcttccagaatcggatgctcgctctgcactcgaatttttgacgaacagcattcta
acaagaaggaaataa
>g00134 g00134   47007:47885 forward
cgcatgtttgataccagcacatttccaggttattctcaaactttggaacttgtaaaaaac
acatttgccaggatcattgcatcctcggatcgtgtaccgcaacatgttgcattcatcatg
gacggaaacagaaggtatgccaagaggcatcacatagaggttaaagaaggccataatgca
ggcttcctaagtatgagcaaggtgttggaactgtgttatgaaactggtgtaaaaactgca
accgtctacgccttttctatagagaacttcaaaagaagctcctttgaagtcaactggctg
atggatctagctagggagcgaatcagacaaattgttcaaaacggcgagatggcagaaaaa
tatggcatacgaattagagtgatcggcgatcgttctctgctgccaaaggatgtgatcgac
gagatcgaacgtgcagagagtataacacgtgacaacacacgagccgtgttaaacgtctgt
ttcccttataccggtagagaagagattatccactcagtcaaagccgttatttctcaggtt
caaaaccaagattacccagccgaagctatcgatgaaaggaaaatagatgataacttgtat
actgcgggtttaccacctgtagaacttttgatcagaaccagtgggattaccaggctgagc
gattttttgatatggcaacttagtaaaaaaggtgttgtcatagaattcttggattgttta
tggccagagtttggaccgatcaagatggcctggatattgttgaaattcgcatttggaaag
acattttcgacaaaagagcatcacttggaagaatatgatgaggaggatcaagtagagagt
acaagagctgaaagttacgacacgaagaaaggtaggtga
>g00135c g00135c   48070:48681 reverse
atattaaagatgtctgaggaaaccgtcactaagccagttgaacaaaagaaggaagagacc
gccaagccaccaacttccgccgtcttttccatgtttggaggtaagaaggccgaaaagaaa
gaagaagaagaagagaaagaagaacccaagaaggaggagaaaaaagatgcagaggaagct
cctgagtcaccagatgttcattttgaacctgttgttactttagaaaaggtcgaagtcaaa
acgatggaagaagatgaagaagttatgtttaaagttagagccaagttgttcagattcgat
gcagaggccaaggaatggaaggaaagaggtactggtgatgtcaaattcttgcaaaataag
gaaactaaaaaagtcagactattgatgagaagagataaaactttaaaggtttgcgccaac
catttcatttctccagaatacgtcttgaagccaaatgttggttccgacagatcttgggtt
tactcttgtactgctgatgtggctgaaggtgggccagaagccttcaccttcgccatcaga
tttggtaacaaggaaaacgctgataaattcaaggcagaatttgaaaaggctcaaggccta
aacaagaattaa
>g00136 g00136   48755:51139 forward
aaattttttgtttctgtcacacacggagtcattatatacgtatttcatccgacacccttt
aaaaccttgcaatatgtaaaggatagttctcctagtactgccaacagcgagaacaataac
aggtacctctctaagcagctcaacatgactactagaaccagcaatagttcgtctgggcgt
cataggagaacatcctcattggaagagtttaatgatcccttttcaacgcccgaaatctac
tacggtccgactaccgacccccaaaaacagccaaagcccacaaagtttactaggaccagg
actatgagtattattggtaacgtatctaaatttaagctggatttggataatcaggtacct
ttgagaagacgtggctccgaagatgattcttacttgagtagcaagggccatcgtaagttc
tttatcgaagatgtcgataataccttgaaggagttgttggcaagtgaggatacggatggc
aactaccagattaccattgaagacactggccctaaagttattaaagttggtacttttaac
tctaatggctacaaacatgtcaacatcagaggcacctatatgctttcaaatttgttgcaa
gagttaacccttgcaaagcattttggcagaaagcagattattctagatgaggcgcgtcta
aatgaaaacccagttagtaggctttcccggctaatctcaacccaattttggaactcctta
actaggagaattgactaccacaatatcgctacaatcgctcttgacactaagattgataag
cctggtgcaaagaatccaagagtgtatgtcccttatgattgtgctgaccaatatgagttc
tttgttcaagtttcacagatggatccctcgttacatttggaagtcgaatacttaccaaaa
gacatcactccggaatacgtcaagtctttgaacgacaaaccgggcttgctagcattggct
atggagaaacatatggatcctgcaacaggtgaagaaaccatgattggctacccttacgca
gttcccggcggtagatttaatgagttgtacggttgggattcgtatatgatggctttagga
ctgttagaaaacaacaagcttgacgtttctcgtgggatggtggagaactttttgtttgaa
atcgatcattacggaaagattttgaatgctaacagaagttactacctctgtaggtcccaa
ccaccattcttaacggatatggctttaaaagtctttgaaaagattggcggcgactctaat
ccgacagccattgattttttgaaaagatcctttaagtcagcgataaaggagtacaaaaac
gtttgggtttctaaaccaagatacgatgagaaaaccggtttttcttgttaccatccagac
gggataggtatccctccagagactgaacctgaccattttgatccaattttgaaagggtac
gctgaaaagtacaacgttacgattgacgaatttagagacctttacaatgatggaaaagtt
tatgaaccggagctggatgagttctttctgcatgaccgcggggtaagagagagtggacat
gacactacttaccgttttgaaggcgtttgtgcttacctggctaccattgatttgaacact
ttgttgtacaagtacgagatagacatcgcgtatgttgttgagaagtattttgatgatgaa
tgcacggactataacggcgaaaagaccaactcttcgtattggcgagcacttgctcaaaaa
aggaaagaaaatgtcattaaatatatgtgggatgaaaagactgggttcttttacgactat
aatgttcatatcgagaaaagaactacctacgaatctgtgacaacttttatggcattgtgg
gcgggtctagccactccagagcaagcaaaacggatggttgaaaaagctttaccaaaacta
gaaatgcttggcgggcttgtcgcatgtactgaaaaatctagaggccaaatcaccatcgac
aggcccaacagacaatgggactacccatatggttgggcacctcaccaaatcttggcttgg
gtcggtctagaaaagtacggttttgctggtgaaactcgaaggctagcatacaggtggcta
tatctaatgaccaaagcatttgtggattataacggtattgtggtggagaagtacgatgtt
actagaggcaccgatccccatagggttaatgctgaatatggtaaccagggcgcggatttt
aagggtgttgctacagaaggtttcggctgggtgaatgccagttacgtacttgggttaaag
tatatgaacaaccatgccagaagagcattgggtacatgtactccgcccagcgatttcttt
aggagcttgaaaccagatgaattggaaacttatgctttgaattaa
>g00137c g00137c   48977:49339 reverse
aagcatataggtgcctctgatgttgacatgtttgtagccattagagttaaaagtaccaac
tttaataactttagggccagtgtcttcaatggtaatctggtagttgccatccgtatcctc
acttgccaacaactccttcaaggtattatcgacatcttcgataaagaacttacgatggcc
cttgctactcaagtaagaatcatcttcggagccacgtcttctcaaaggtacctgattatc
caaatccagcttaaatttagatacgttaccaataatactcatagtcctggtcctagtaaa
ctttgtgggctttggctgtttttgggggtcggtagtcggaccgtagtagatttcgggcgt
tga
>g00138c g00138c   50051:50620 reverse
acccgcccacaatgccataaaagttgtcacagattcgtaggtagttcttttctcgatatg
aacattatagtcgtaaaagaacccagtcttttcatcccacatatatttaatgacattttc
tttccttttttgagcaagtgctcgccaatacgaagagttggtcttttcgccgttatagtc
cgtgcattcatcatcaaaatacttctcaacaacatacgcgatgtctatctcgtacttgta
caacaaagtgttcaaatcaatggtagccaggtaagcacaaacgccttcaaaacggtaagt
agtgtcatgtccactctctcttaccccgcggtcatgcagaaagaactcatccagctccgg
ttcataaacttttccatcattgtaaaggtctctaaattcgtcaatcgtaacgttgtactt
ttcagcgtaccctttcaaaattggatcaaaatggtcaggttcagtctctggagggatacc
tatcccgtctggatggtaacaagaaaaaccggttttctcatcgtatcttggtttagaaac
ccaaacgtttttgtactcctttatcgctga
>g00139c g00139c   52974:53279 reverse
ttacttaattttctagctttctcaagacagcatcgattttgtccttggccgtctgttcct
tgtcgattctactaccaactcttatgtcggtgtgaactctcaagtagcctagggagtgag
catactcgtgtagttcgccaatcaaagccatcacctcatcccagggaccctcgattgtgg
taccagcactatgtaaagtacttgtcaagtggctctcacggattttgccctcaatttttg
caacgaagtcagaaatacttggtgagccggtaccaatctgtattgcctcaagttagtagg
ttataa
>g00140 g00140   53423:53908 forward
tcaacacataagaattcacgaggaatttgcttaagcttgagtggaggaagagtacttggt
gacagctctagtaccttcagagacggcgtgcttggccaattcacctggcaagatcaatct
aacggcagtttgaatttctctagcagagatggtagacttcttgttgtaagcagccaattt
agaagcctcagaagcgattctttcaaagatatcgttaacaaaagagttcaaaatagacat
ggacttttgggaaataccagtgtctggatgagtttgcttcaaaaccttgtaaatgtagga
agagtaagtttcctttctagccttggttctcttcttagtactgtcgacagaagcagtctt
cttggcagcaggtttcttttcagctggggctttggaggcaggtttcttttcagcttttgg
ggccattttcgtcaaataaagttattattgggtggtattagcaacagaacacaaagtcaa
ttataa
>g00141c g00141c   53453:53863 reverse
ctttatttgacgaaaatggccccaaaagctgaaaagaaacctgcctccaaagccccagct
gaaaagaaacctgctgccaagaagactgcttctgtcgacagtactaagaagagaaccaag
gctagaaaggaaacttactcttcctacatttacaaggttttgaagcaaactcatccagac
actggtatttcccaaaagtccatgtctattttgaactcttttgttaacgatatctttgaa
agaatcgcttctgaggcttctaaattggctgcttacaacaagaagtctaccatctctgct
agagaaattcaaactgccgttagattgatcttgccaggtgaattggccaagcacgccgtc
tctgaaggtactagagctgtcaccaagtactcttcctccactcaagcttaa
>g00142 g00142   53884:54243 forward
caacagaacacaaagtcaattataaatcaattcttgagcaatcatgtatttctcatttat
atatcttttcaattgacagatgcacacatatcgatacgcgtccccacgcagaaggggatg
agagacacgaattgctatttggcgaaaactttggaacgccatgtgtgccatagatttcac
atctgtctaagaaatttccgcagggaggtcgaccgcgaaaaaatcggtcttaaggctgtg
ccaaaaaatacccactgtaccagatttttcgcgctttttattctctcccgcgaagaaact
ggcacgcgcaagacatgtcgcgttatatcgtttgccagtaaaataatgataaatatataa
>g00143 g00143   54339:54743 forward
gaaataatgtccggtggtaaaggtggtaaagctggttctgctgctaaagcttctcaatcc
agatctgctaaggctggtttaacattcccagtcggtagagttcacagactattgagaaag
ggtaactatgctcaaagaattggttctggtgctccagtttacttgactgctgtcttggaa
tacctggctgctgaaattttggaattggctggtaacgctgccagagacaacaagaagacc
agaattattcctcgtcacttgcaattggccatcagaaatgatgacgaattgaacaagttg
ttgggtaatgttaccattgctcaaggtggtgttctaccaaacattcatcaaaacttgttg
ccaaagaagtctgctaaggctaccaaggcttctcaagaattgtaa
>g00144c g00144c   54921:56219 reverse
agcatatcagtgatgtcctcaaataatacacaagagcaacagccgttgttatcggggcct
aactcttcaaaagcacgtgcttcaccagtagaccaaatgcacttcgctgacccatctacg
aggtacttaccgacacagacaaatgaagctaagcttaacgcaatttccacgtttcccacc
aataaatcttctcatggaaaacttggtcctcaaagaacatcacgtactgcgcaaaagttg
aagcttttacctgaggaaccatttcagagaaaagatgaggagctggagcttgtcgataag
gatgtatactcacaggtaaaccgcatcactgacaagcccgcaagaagagatgctgaaaaa
ttggggaaaggccatagacacttgctgcctcgggtaactgcatattgcacagccagttca
tatagcatgaaagaactgataagatggctaaaagactgtaagaggatacatcatacacat
acgaaactgtttgatgaatgtctgtatacgccatttatttacacggattggagaggcgac
aaaagatttgaacatgaagatgtaataaggctagatgatgagggtggtgaaatcaatgtt
agtgacaaacaaccagacttgtttatcttcgagtacggcgttatagtgatgtggggattc
actgaaagggaagaaaaggcacttttaaatgatgtggaaaagttcgaaaaggaaaaatta
gctgaggaagatgttcaagttgagcagttcaactattacattacacagagttatcagccg
agaatttataacgattttatcaccttgagggatggctctaactacatgattaaactttcc
atatcgcacgcgatcgcacagagtgtaaagatatcactctttgaggaattagtagacaac
accattgaagatactcaggatatccctcaagagattgcgtccagcgggaaagtgtctatg
agtaaggaagatattatgaagagtataggtgagttgttcatcttgagaatcaacatcaac
ttacatggctcggtgttagattctccagaaataatgtggtccgagcctcaactagaacca
atttatcaagctacaagagggtatttagagatcaaccagagagtagcattgttgaaccag
aggttagaagttatctctgatttattacaaatgttgaaagaacaattaggacacagtcat
gaggagtacttggagtttattatcattgtcttagttggcgttgaagtcttgatctccgtc
attaacattattgtggataccatagcagactcccggtaa
>g00145 g00145   56378:57127 forward
aagcagctatttgggcaaggagaaagaacgatgtcagaagatcgtcagccgtccttaaag
aggaaagtcgaagaactgcaggagagtaaccaagtattagcacttgctgtacaaagaaca
aggttagccgtaaagagattacgtctcgagtatggaacgctgttggagaggttggagagc
agagtcgacaaggatccagaattacgttttgaagatcctctaccatcactagaaagcttt
aaagcacagctcctagaagatgctcagtcaagttccaaagcaagaggtaagagaaagaag
accaaagaaagagaccctaatatgcccaagagaccaacaaacgcttacctgttattttgc
gaaatgaataaggaaaaaatgaaagaggaagtagggcctgtcgacatatcaaaagcctta
actgatgcatggaaaaacttgaacgaagaagataggaagccttactacgacctatacaac
gaagacagggagagataccaaagagaaatggaggcctacactaagagcaaggatgacagt
gcaaaaattgaatcggacataaagaaagagaaagtgactgcggacgatgacgaagaagag
gatgaagaagacgaagaagatgaagaggacattgaggaggacgaagaggatgaggtggat
ggcaacaagacaactgatggcgacaacgatactgatgaaacccaaccagatgccgatgcg
actgccgatgttcctacaagcgaaatataa
>g00146c g00146c   57426:64904 reverse
tccagaaagatggccaagcaaaaaagtaccaccaaggctaccaatagatataggtactcg
tccttcaaagacaagatcgatgacctgagaattgaaccagccagaaatctggaaaaaaga
gtccatgattatgttgagacgtcgcattttctcgcttctttcgagcattggagggacatt
aatatgagtggcgatttcgccatttttgccgatgaggtcgagaatctggttcaaacgtta
ccccaaatcttgtaccatgaagagaaaatcttccaggcactggaaactcatatcaacaat
catgatgacaagtctctccagcctcttttggatcttctgtcccagttctgtcacgatttg
ggacctgacttcatgaagttttatgaaagagcgctaacctcattgataaaactgcttaat
gacgctactgagtttgaaacttctaatgtcttcgaatggggtttcaattgcttagcttat
atcttcaaatacttgtccagaagcttgtgcaaagacctgctaactacatttaatttactg
tttccattactatctcattctaaagactacttgtccaggttctctgctgaggcactgtcc
tttctgattagaaagtctaactccaaaaatctctctgagttcatttcttattcctttaaa
aaactatgtgatgttgagagtaataatttttacgatggtttgcaaaccttatttgatgaa
tctttaaaaaccactaaagatactttgcattccaaatctaataccattgtggcaattcta
ttagatgaagctttaaatgataatcagggtgcagtttgcgtctccctctttgcagacatc
ttgatggatattttgaggcacacagcgtcggaaaacacgcaatccctctatgactccatt
ctctccaaactagatgaacacctttccagaaaaactctggatttagatagagtatccaaa
gtattggcggctctagtatttgcagaaagtggtaagaaggtccctgactggtctatactg
atggcatctgttcaaaaagttatcattcatgaaaacagagctacattgatcccagaaaca
gttgcctttttattttcagtcatccttcgtaatgctgatgttaagagcctgactcaattt
cacaaaaaaattttcgaattttacatggaaacattccctttacattacgtcgagttcttt
aaaattgctttggatttagacagggagagacttttctcatttagtggtgcaaaatatctt
caaaagtacatcaactctcagtggaaagacaattcaaagaagatttccttactgttgttg
cagttggaagatagacatgatatcatttacaaattaaattttacaatcccagatgacttt
tctaattacatacttgagtcgttacctgtgtattccgatgtcagcagcgatgataacctg
tttgaaatactctggagattaccaactttaaagagagcagatgtagataattcctctatt
atcttaccgttggtcaaccaactgtcgaaaaaacctgttcataatgactttagcaaggat
gttttgggtaatcttttacagacgctaaccgttcacgattctaatgagatgtataaaatg
ctctgtagcattaccaacaatatctccgattttaagaatagcagagcgtttatcgagggg
ttccaccgcgtcttgaaaatgctttcgcacaatgaaaagctgctcaaaacccttattgat
aacgaaagttttgtctatgaaattactgataatctgcttcttccagatggtaaaattcgg
tatgaatccttgaaactcatcatcagctttcttgaaatcacgggtcaggaggtatcatca
ataattaatgactgcaaaatcattgaagaaattcctctaactttgcaaaatagtcgtgac
ttaaccatgagaattagaaacatggggtctgaattttccaaagccgagccacagaagcta
ctgaacaatatttttttcaaatttttattcggtctactgaccgccagattttccccgttg
tggaatggtgtgtatgaaattttaccaaccatttacgaaaaagatcaagctttggtttgg
gaattggcggttcactttttgaacatacttgataataatttcaaattaaactactatcag
gagccaatttctgaagctattagaaatcctttttggaccgttagtgtgaaaagacttgat
gatatagtccaagcttctgatagggtcttcaatctctatttttttactgattgttctttt
attgatatttttcaagaaagaaggagcgaactcgtctatccacctcttattaggagccga
actttaaaggctttattgttaatttcaagactggctgagcgtcactctagagatattgtt
ccgttacttttcaatgaagatgaatcagatgaaattttccaagacggtgagactgatgat
actgtttttagtgcttctagctgggctgaaactgatagaaattctctattgaagctattt
ggcaaattcaagaacatcaagtcgatctataagtttgaagaggttcaccaaaggttcatg
gttttactaagcagcagaaatacagaagttcaaaggctgtcactagatggtatttttgct
tacaaagatccaatagttatgaaatacagagacaatttgaagaacctcttggatgatact
ctgtttaaggatgaaatgacaaaatttttggccagcgataactcaagaataattgaggac
gcagataaagaggaattgatgccatacgtcctcaggattttatttggccgtgctcaaaca
ccaaacaccagcggtattaagcggagtagaaggacggcggtgataactgttttgccaaat
ttgaaagaggcctatatcattgattttttaaggctaggcagcagcaggttcaaatatgaa
tacttttttgataatggtaaccacattgaagaggatgaggcaaactcgaaggttttgaga
aggatgaccggtttcgtaaacatcattaactcttcactttctgttctaggttctaatttt
cctgatgtaatgaagtcggtaattaggcccctgatttacagtatttgcatgtctaattac
gttttatcccaggacatcaatcatgattttatcgataaagtcgctatcaatttgaggcaa
ctgggaatgaaatgctttcacagcttgtttgaatatcttggtgagactttggattggact
gagtacattgccgatatctataataacgttatcaagccacgtcttgtaagatttgaagac
gaaaacttacaacagccttcatctattatgaaaatgatgacttactgggcaaaccataag
tttttgtacaagtttttgtactttgacgactacgcaccagctaaggctttgatgaggacc
ttatctagtgacaatgcaaaagaagctgttgtgcatgttcttttggattattccaataag
attgtgaaaaatccatctaaagacactgaatatatcggattgatctccttgactgtctcc
atttgtcttcaagttctacctgaactattcaaaaaaatagttagccaacaagtttcctcg
gttgcaattgacctactactgaacatgactgaggcaggttacattcaggataatgaaact
agaaaattattggttgattccttgacactcgccttagaaaaagatattggtaatgtgcat
atgaaggacaaagtcaagattttaagatctcttgcttctttaattactgaatatgactgt
tcttggcaagatattgagtccctttacaaagcctgctcaaagttgtacagagtttatgca
gaaagagatattagagaaactttgaataccgttttcgttagcattggctctaggtttgaa
aacgttgcccgcgtgtctgagcttctttctaatttgaatgcttactccccctctcgcatg
caagaatacgattttgaaagggtattgcccgccttcaagcaatttactgaaaccgactat
aaggagtatatggaaattgaatggttacctgttctttactgttgtctgtttttcataaac
gataaagacgaactcgctattaggaccaatgctacctatactttgaatcgctttattgat
tacatcaactcgaaaccctcggccgacgttgcacgaaaaccggtgagtatgatgaaggag
gttgtattgccacatgtgaggacgggtttaaggaaacaggatgaaggggttcaaaatgaa
tacatctctgttatcgcttacattgttataaactccaaatactataccgagctggatgac
atgaaagctttattgttcaatggtgacgaagaagctaacttttttgtaaacatcaatcac
attcaactgcatcgtcgtcaaagggctattaagaggttacgagactatggtaataaactt
cacggcaatagtatttctcactatttaattcctatgatcgaacggtatgctttctctgag
gaagagaaatatagaaacatcagtaacgagaccattttaactattggtgctttgtctaat
tactcgagttggaatcaatacaaagccctgttaagaagatacatctcaatgttgaagaat
aaacctgatcatttaaaagaagtcgtcgttttgattgtacaggtgtcccgcgctttaaaa
aacacaatgcagagtatcagaacactcgacgagactaaaccacgtattagaaatttccct
agtaagctggatgaaccagagcgttatattaaagaagaagtgtgtgctacactttctaaa
actttggccaccagagatgacgaaaccattgttgccagaatcccattatctgaagcattg
gttaacttggtcttaggattgaagccagaagataccattgctttactaccaggcatttta
actagtatttgccaggtgttgcgtagtaggtctgaagaactacgtgaagctgtaagaaag
aacttgggacacatttctgttattttgggaccaacttatttgacttttattatcagggaa
ctaaaggccgctctaactcgaggctcgcaaatccacgtcttaagttatacagttcaccac
gtgttaatgtcactgtccgaggtattgcagcacggtgatatggacgactgtgcccacatt
attgttaagattacaatggaagacatctttggtatggctggccaggagaaggatgctgag
ggttacacctctaaaatgaaggaggtgaagtttaataaaagctacgacaccggtgaaatc
atggccgccaacatcaacttgtcgacatttgctactttattggctccggttaaggctttg
cttatggaacgtcttgctttgaaaagccagaaaaagctcgatgaattgttaagaagatac
gctttagggttgaatcataatgaagaatcttcttctgtcgacgtcttgaagctttgtcac
gagatctatacacagtctgagactgaggctctagctagcaaaagatctggaaggagagtt
tcacctaaaagtgaaaaagaagaattttttttaatcagcttaaatgcaaagactgctaga
gttcatactgagaactctttgtttgtgtcgacaatgcaaaaattttctttggacctacta
cgaaccgcactttctagaaaccagaatttattaaacgttgcctatctggaaggcttcatt
cctcttttaaaggacacactcaattctgagaatgaaggtgtgttgatcagtactttgcgt
gtcttgattatcttcgttaaactcgatttcccagagggttctgaggctgttttcaagaac
tgtgctaggaaggtgttaaatataatcaaggattctccttctacttctactgagctttgt
caaatgggtctaaagtttttgtcatctgtgcttcgtcataaagaaatcgaactaaaggac
actgcgctaagttacgttttgggacgtattttgccagacttacacgaacctagcaagcag
ggtttagccttcaatttcttaaaggcattattttctaaacatattgttttaccagaagtc
tatgatgtgatggataccgtttcggaaattatggtaacaaaccactctaaagaaattaga
gatgtatcgagaagcgtttattatcaattcttgatggaatatgaccaaagtagaggccgt
ttggaaaagcaatttaggttcctggtcagcaatttggagtacccatctcaagaaggcaga
cagtcggttatggaactgatcaatttaattgtaaataagtcagggcctgagttgcttatg
aaattgtctgcatcattttttgtctccctagcaggtgtatcggttaatgatgattcacca
aggtgccgtgaaatggctgctgctttgatcacaaacctgttccagaaattgggtccattg
aaaatgagtactatagagaagtacatttcttcctggttaaagcaagccgaaaatccgatg
tttttaaacttgggtctaagaatttacaaaatttacctatctacaattggtttggaaaac
aatgatgctcttaacgagcttgcaattaaccgtatgaaggctattatctcgagcaccgat
gttggatcagatacagaatgggatgtggtctacactgcattaaatgtcttttccgtttac
atcacaaaaagtgaaaatgtttatgaaaaagcgtttagctctacatggtccaagattgtc
ggttgtcttttgtaccctcatgcatgggttcgtatgtctgcagcccgtttggtaaatgca
ttggtcagtaacctgagaaagttagaaaagcccttgactgattacgagcttcaaactatc
gccttcagaatattccgccaactcggtgcaccttcccttccagaagctttgtccagtgtt
tctttgaacactttggttatgcttatcatgaagtggaaatcagaaaagactgcatttatt
attcaggataatgatagccaggaatctaggtatgaaagcgctattgactttgctatatcc
agggctggatctatcatcaggagcgaagataatccggcagagtctttttcgtccaaaaag
tctagtattcagctatttgccttaatggcccagatcttagacgaagcggagctgaagcaa
agcgctgaaaagtttttgcttcctttattcgtttacttagaacaggatggaactaggctg
gacgaacagcaagaggagctacatgctttagcacaagaatgtgtccaaatgttggagacg
aaactgtctgttgctgacttcaccgggtcgtatgctaatgttaaacagattgttactagg
agaagacaggaaagaagagccaggaaggctgtcttagctgtcagagcgccagaggcagca
gcaaacaggaaattgaagaagcatgctagatctagagagaaaaggaaacatgagaaggat
gacagtggttattaccacaaaaagaaaagaagagcatga
>g00147c g00147c   65279:67045 reverse
tcaacaatggctcaagaagttactcctacacatatacaacttacgacaaaagaggggcca
ttagcccaggtatggctggcctctaatatgaccagttccttgtccaaaaatgtttcacta
cagacggatattgtcagttctgttaatgcaattgctagagcagcaggatgttctctcgac
gatcaaaacgtcgaacccatcacattacgcgtctccggtcagctactgacaggtgtagtc
cgtattttctccaagaaaacatcctgccttctagaagacattgcagacactttgcataga
atcaaatccatatttcaagttggtaataaatttgctactattcaagctaacactgttgct
aggcttgatcagctaattttgcaagatgctgtgactgagaaagatgtcttagttacccca
ggcttggagtttttagaagaaactaatatcccagaaggattcatgggtggtgagcagtca
atggaaagacatgttcaaggtgctgctgcgatggacagatccttagaattgggtaggaga
tttgcacccgatgacgatctagaacaacattcgactttggatttaaatttcgatcttggc
gacggtcaatccaaatcttggggtgaaggcacaaacatttctttaaatactgccgcagga
aggtctagtactgtcagggaccatatggatgaagactttcccgatgatgatgggcatatc
gactgggatctaggagtgagtgaaggcaacgaccaactccctccgcaagacgaacatact
catgatagtgacgatgggtctgataactctgtcgagcttggtagacgtgctgtgcatgat
gatgtcctaccggaaactacgtttgattttgacttggaattagacaagaattcgcacgaa
caatcacaccaacaagaaaacttgcaagaggaaacgcaacagatgagaacacctgtaagg
cgtagaagaaactctgctattacgaatacgaaaccaattgtcttggataatgaatctgaa
ctaaaagatcaggatattaaaggtacgtctcaaaacttggacgcagttgccgagcttggg
tctaagagtgaccgtatacctataagcaacaacaagagactgtgggtacagattggcgaa
agtatggattttttgccagagtcaatctccactaatttcctgccatatgaaaaaatcaaa
agacagagaattacgccacttcaagagagagctgcggatgatgaagagttgcaactagat
atctcattaaacttgggtgaaagctcaattcataactctgatatcttcgcccagggcgaa
gacttgattaatatcgaacatggtgattcatatgaattcaacgagttcccccaagacaat
tttgctgagggaactgcagctatgtcgaccgatatgcatgaatattcacatattgaggag
gatgcttattcgtctcctatcaagcagcttccacaatcacagaagatccaattgtcttct
ggggaaaccgcgtctaagtctacggtcgtcatggctgagcaacttaggacgcactttatt
gacaacgaatccatcagcttcgatcgtattatgagcgctcaacattctgagcaggagagc
attactaaaagccaggctagtaaggcctttttcgaaatgctaactctggccactgccgat
tgtgttgatctggatcaggaaaccacttttggtgagataagcgtcgctgccaaagcacct
ctgtatgagaaatttatagcagcatga
>g00148c g00148c   67598:68080 reverse
ttatcaatgttccgtttgacctccgctagaactttggctagatctgccgttactgttacc
aagcgtacttatgctgaagctactggtgactttttgaagttgcaattcgcccttccacat
gaaactttatttgctggttccaaggtcacccaggtcaacttaccagctcaatctggtcaa
atcggtgttttggctaaccacgttcctaccgtcgagcaattggcaccaggtgttgttgaa
gtctttgaacaaggctcctccaagaagtactttgtttctggtggttttgctactgttcag
ccagactccactttgtctatcacctcagtggaggcattcccattagagaaattctcccaa
gaaaatgtcagatctttgttagctgaagccaacaaaaatacttcttctgctgacgaaaag
gttgctgctgaagctgccatccaagttgaagtcttggaagccttacaagcagctttgaaa
tga
>g00149 g00149   68356:69399 forward
accttagataaaacaatacatatcccggggtacaggtataacgtcaaagaggttctgatg
gtcacgaaaacggaaattaagggtgggaagggctcacacaataacaagctaactcagtgt
tttgatgatataatgaaggttgcagctgagatgctcgttcaacaacagctgaaaacaata
aagctagatccacgaacaacacatgggtttacgcaaacacagtacaggtctttgagggat
aaagttcacttatttcactcgataatggatgatctggattcaacattaacaactagctca
gaatatcttgatactgtgacacaatccgctgtggagaaaaagaaactactacagcaacaa
caagaagaagaagaagctgctaggagaaaacaactgcaggaggaagaggaagaaaagagg
agaaaacaagaacaacagcttcagaaaaatacccccactgaaccacaacagaggctgaat
caaacaccaatagatttaactgctcctactccaggctctttactaaacgatttcgatagt
aacactaatgaaaacggtagcgccagtaactttgcttccgagttcagcaacttgaacgat
atggacttgtcaatgtttggtggtattgagcaggatgactttaacatgaatgacttcaac
accacgtctgctacaagtaacatatcgcgtaataatgctagtagtgcctcaaacgccagt
atgcgtactgccaacaacatgaatgacgacagaaataatgctgataagagcagctccgat
ggtaatggcattagtaataacagcattaccaataatagtaatgggagtaacaacaataac
aatagtataaacaatactggcaatagcgacaacggaaaaaacaacagcaataacaattca
aatgttagtaacgacagtactaataacaatggcaataacaatccagatagttatttaaca
ttaaatgactttaacgacctcggcattgactggaatgcaacaggtgaccctggggatttg
gacatcaacgactttaacatataa
>g00150c g00150c   68835:69305 reverse
ctatctggattgttattgccattgttattagtactgtcgttactaacatttgaattgtta
ttgctgttgttttttccgttgtcgctattgccagtattgtttatactattgttattgttg
ttactcccattactattattggtaatgctgttattactaatgccattaccatcggagctg
ctcttatcagcattatttctgtcgtcattcatgttgttggcagtacgcatactggcgttt
gaggcactactagcattattacgcgatatgttacttgtagcagacgtggtgttgaagtca
ttcatgttaaagtcatcctgctcaataccaccaaacattgacaagtccatatcgttcaag
ttgctgaactcggaagcaaagttactggcgctaccgttttcattagtgttactatcgaaa
tcgtttagtaaagagcctggagtaggagcagttaaatctattggtgtttga
>g00151c g00151c   69462:70358 reverse
aaatttaaattaatgagtgaccaaaaacaagagcaaagccaattagaacaaagcactagt
agaaaggacaaaataccaatgtatcaactatcgtatagtgtaggtgtggctgaaaataag
aatgcgaatttccgtagaacgatggaagatgttcacacttacgtagagaactttgcctct
aggttggattggggctattttgcgattttcgatgggcacgctggtaatcaagcgtcaaaa
tggtgtggttctaacttacattcaattatagaaaaaaagattttggaagatgaaaataag
gacgttagagatgtattgaatgattcctttgtgtatgccgacaagcacattaattctcag
ttggaaggtaatagtggctgtactgcagcagtaggtatattgcgttgggaagttccagat
aacctaccgagtgagctgatagacttgtatcaacataaaaggatgctttacacagccaat
gttggtgatacaagaatagtactattcagaaatgggcatagtgtaaggttgacatacgat
cataaggcgtctgatagcattgaaatgcaaagagttgagcaggctggaggactaattatg
aaaagccgagtaaatggtatgctggcagtcacaaggtcgttaggagataagttttttgat
agcttagttgttgggaatcccttcaccacgagcgtcgagattaccacggatgaccgcttt
ttaatactggcttgtgatggtttgtgggatgttattgatgatcaggaggcatgcgaaatg
atcaaggatatggacaattccaatgaggcggcaaaaactttggtcagacatgccttggaa
aacggcaccacagataatgttacagtaatggtgattttcattgataatgactcctag
>g00152c g00152c   70643:72010 reverse
tttctattactcgcccatttcactttcgataatactaacaatattttccttattttacag
ggacaaggagcttctacttacggacaaggtaaagacaaaaagaaagacaagcaaaagcca
aagtatgagccgccagttcaatccaaaataggtcgcaagaagagaaaggggccagccacc
gctgaaaagttgcctacagttactccgagtacacgctgcagattgaaattgttgagaatg
gaaagaattaaggatcatttactgttagaagaagagtttgtctctaacgcagaaattttg
aaaccttttgaaaagaaacaggaagaagagaaaaagcaattggaagaaatccgtggctct
ccactatctgttggaactttggaggaaatcattgatgatgatcacgccatcgttaccagt
ccaacaacgccagacttctacgtctccattttatcatttgttgacaaagaaatgttggaa
cctggctgctcggttttattacaccacaagacaatgtctatcgttggtgttttacaagat
gatgccgacccaatggtttctgttatgaagattgacaagtcgcccactgaatcgtatagt
gatattggtggtttggaagctcaaatccaagaaatcaaggaggcggtcgaattaccgcta
acgcatccagaactatatgaggaaatggggattaaaccaccaaagggtgtgattttgtac
ggtgcacctggtaccggtaagaccttattagctaaggcggttgccaatcaaacctccgcc
acatttttaagaattgtgggttcagaattaattcaaaaatatttgggtgacggtccaagg
ctttgtagacaaattttcaaagttgcagctgaaaatgcacctagtatagtcttcattgat
gaaatcgatgcaattggtaccaaaaggtatgattctaacagtggtggtgaaagggaaatc
caaagaacaatgttagaattactaaaccagttagacggttttgatgatagaggcgacgtt
aaagtgatcatggctacaaataaaattgaaagtttagaccccgccttaattagacctggt
agaatcgaccgtaaaattctctttgaaaatccggatatttcgacaaagaggaaaatcttg
ggaattcatacatctaagatgaacttgagcggagacatagacttggagaatttagttacc
tcaaaggatgacctctctggagctgacatcaaggctatgtgtacagaagcaggtttacta
gcgttgagagaaaggaggatgcaagttacagcagaagatttcaaacaagcgaaagaacgt
gtcatgaagaacaaagtcgaagaaaacctggaaagtttgtatttgtag
>g00153 g00153   70866:71198 forward
attcccaagattttcctctttgtcgaaatatccggattttcaaagagaattttacggtcg
attctaccaggtctaattaaggcggggtctaaactttcaattttatttgtagccatgatc
actttaacgtcgcctctatcatcaaaaccgtctaactggtttagtaattctaacattgtt
ctttggatttccctttcaccaccactgttagaatcataccttttggtaccaattgcatcg
atttcatcaatgaagactatactaggtgcattttcagctgcaactttgaaaatttgtcta
caaagccttggaccgtcacccaaatatttttga
